website/docs/r/access_context_manager_egress_policy.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Access Context Manager (VPC Service Controls)"
description: |-
  EgressPolicies match requests based on egressFrom and egressTo stanzas.
---

# google\_access\_context\_manager\_egress\_policy

EgressPolicies match requests based on egressFrom and egressTo stanzas.
For an EgressPolicy to match, both egressFrom and egressTo stanzas must be matched.
If an EgressPolicy matches a request, the request is allowed to span the ServicePerimeter
boundary. For example, an EgressPolicy can be used to allow VMs on networks
within the ServicePerimeter to access a defined set of projects outside the
perimeter in certain contexts (e.g. to read data from a Cloud Storage bucket
or query against a BigQuery dataset).


To get more information about EgressPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/access-context-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.servicePerimeters#egresspolicy)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `resource` -
  (Required)
  A GCP resource that is inside of the service perimeter.

* `egress_policy_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Service Perimeter to add this resource to.


- - -



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{egress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


EgressPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_access_context_manager_egress_policy.default {{egress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}
```

Commit message:

Add ACM policies fine grained resources (#8038) (#5723)
* Initial commit for ACM policies fine grained resources

* Delete old test files

* Fix tests failures

* Fix tests

* Make ingress_policy an array

* Change the top level field to be ingressFrom and ingressTo

* Support creation for multiple ingress/egress policies

* Remove Wrong values in ingress_from/egress_from fields

* Fix Lint

* Change description for deprecated resources

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/access_context_manager_egress_policy.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Access Context Manager (VPC Service Controls)"
description: |-
  This resource has been deprecated, please refer to ServicePerimeterEgressPolicy.
---

# google\_access\_context\_manager\_egress\_policy

This resource has been deprecated, please refer to ServicePerimeterEgressPolicy.


To get more information about EgressPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/access-context-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.servicePerimeters#egresspolicy)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `resource` -
  (Required)
  A GCP resource that is inside of the service perimeter.

* `egress_policy_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Service Perimeter to add this resource to.


- - -



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{egress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


EgressPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_access_context_manager_egress_policy.default {{egress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}
```
