website/docs/r/access_context_manager_ingress_policy.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Access Context Manager (VPC Service Controls)"
description: |-
  IngressPolicies match requests based on ingressFrom and ingressTo stanzas.
---

# google\_access\_context\_manager\_ingress\_policy

IngressPolicies match requests based on ingressFrom and ingressTo stanzas. For an ingress policy to match,
both the ingressFrom and ingressTo stanzas must be matched. If an IngressPolicy matches a request,
the request is allowed through the perimeter boundary from outside the perimeter.
For example, access from the internet can be allowed either based on an AccessLevel or,
for traffic hosted on Google Cloud, the project of the source network.
For access from private networks, using the project of the hosting network is required.
Individual ingress policies can be limited by restricting which services and/
or actions they match using the ingressTo field.


To get more information about IngressPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/access-context-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.servicePerimeters#ingresspolicy)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `resource` -
  (Required)
  A GCP resource that is inside of the service perimeter.

* `ingress_policy_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Service Perimeter to add this resource to.


- - -



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{ingress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


IngressPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_access_context_manager_ingress_policy.default {{ingress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}
```

Commit message:

Add ACM policies fine grained resources (#8038)
* Initial commit for ACM policies fine grained resources

* Delete old test files

* Fix tests failures

* Fix tests

* Make ingress_policy an array

* Change the top level field to be ingressFrom and ingressTo

* Support creation for multiple ingress/egress policies

* Remove Wrong values in ingress_from/egress_from fields

* Fix Lint

* Change description for deprecated resources

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/access_context_manager_ingress_policy.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Access Context Manager (VPC Service Controls)"
description: |-
  This resource has been deprecated, please refer to ServicePerimeterIngressPolicy.
---

# google\_access\_context\_manager\_ingress\_policy

This resource has been deprecated, please refer to ServicePerimeterIngressPolicy.


To get more information about IngressPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/access-context-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.servicePerimeters#ingresspolicy)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `resource` -
  (Required)
  A GCP resource that is inside of the service perimeter.

* `ingress_policy_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Service Perimeter to add this resource to.


- - -



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{ingress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


IngressPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_access_context_manager_ingress_policy.default {{ingress_policy_name}}/{{resource}}
```
