website/docs/r/active_directory_domain.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Managed Microsoft Active Directory"
description: |-
  Creates a Microsoft AD domain
---

# google_active_directory_domain

Creates a Microsoft AD domain


To get more information about Domain, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.domains)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managed Microsoft Active Directory Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/docs/quickstarts)

## Example Usage - Active Directory Domain Basic


```hcl
resource "google_active_directory_domain" "ad-domain" {
  domain_name       = "tfgen.org.com"
  locations         = ["us-central1"]
  reserved_ip_range = "192.168.255.0/24" 
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `reserved_ip_range` -
  (Required)
  The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this domain. Reserved networks must be /24 or larger.
  Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with existing subnets in authorizedNetworks

* `locations` -
  (Required)
  Locations where domain needs to be provisioned. [regions][compute/docs/regions-zones/]
  e.g. us-west1 or us-east4 Service supports up to 4 locations at once. Each location will use a /26 block.

* `domain_name` -
  (Required)
  The fully qualified domain name. e.g. mydomain.myorganization.com, with the restrictions
  of https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.domains.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels that can contain user-provided metadata
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `authorized_networks` -
  (Optional)
  The full names of the Google Compute Engine networks the domain instance is connected to. The domain is only available on networks listed in authorizedNetworks.
  If CIDR subnets overlap between networks, domain creation will fail.

* `admin` -
  (Optional)
  The name of delegated administrator account used to perform Active Directory operations.
  If not specified, setupadmin will be used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The unique name of the domain using the format: `projects/{project}/locations/global/domains/{domainName}`.

* `fqdn` -
  The fully-qualified domain name of the exposed domain used by clients to connect to the service.
  Similar to what would be chosen for an Active Directory set up on an internal network.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 60 minutes.

## Import


Domain can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Domain using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_active_directory_domain.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Domain can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_active_directory_domain.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Add deletion_protection field to CloudAD domain resource (#11256) (#7837)
[upstream:b65acdbf82db72e3f15eba2c628c2009140b8334]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/active_directory_domain.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Managed Microsoft Active Directory"
description: |-
  Creates a Microsoft AD domain
---

# google_active_directory_domain

Creates a Microsoft AD domain


To get more information about Domain, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.domains)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managed Microsoft Active Directory Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/docs/quickstarts)

## Example Usage - Active Directory Domain Basic


```hcl
resource "google_active_directory_domain" "ad-domain" {
  domain_name       = "tfgen.org.com"
  locations         = ["us-central1"]
  reserved_ip_range = "192.168.255.0/24" 
  deletion_protection = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `reserved_ip_range` -
  (Required)
  The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this domain. Reserved networks must be /24 or larger.
  Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with existing subnets in authorizedNetworks

* `locations` -
  (Required)
  Locations where domain needs to be provisioned. [regions][compute/docs/regions-zones/]
  e.g. us-west1 or us-east4 Service supports up to 4 locations at once. Each location will use a /26 block.

* `domain_name` -
  (Required)
  The fully qualified domain name. e.g. mydomain.myorganization.com, with the restrictions
  of https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.domains.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels that can contain user-provided metadata
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `authorized_networks` -
  (Optional)
  The full names of the Google Compute Engine networks the domain instance is connected to. The domain is only available on networks listed in authorizedNetworks.
  If CIDR subnets overlap between networks, domain creation will fail.

* `admin` -
  (Optional)
  The name of delegated administrator account used to perform Active Directory operations.
  If not specified, setupadmin will be used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_protection` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the domain. Defaults to true.
When a`terraform destroy` or `terraform apply` would delete the domain,
the command will fail if this field is not set to false in Terraform state.
When the field is set to true or unset in Terraform state, a `terraform apply`
or `terraform destroy` that would delete the domain will fail.
When the field is set to false, deleting the domain is allowed.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The unique name of the domain using the format: `projects/{project}/locations/global/domains/{domainName}`.

* `fqdn` -
  The fully-qualified domain name of the exposed domain used by clients to connect to the service.
  Similar to what would be chosen for an Active Directory set up on an internal network.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 60 minutes.

## Import


Domain can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Domain using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_active_directory_domain.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Domain can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_active_directory_domain.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
