website/docs/r/alloydb_cluster.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "AlloyDB"
description: |-
  A managed alloydb cluster.
---

# google\_alloydb\_cluster

A managed alloydb cluster.


To get more information about Cluster, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/alloydb/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.clusters/create)
* How-to Guides
    * [AlloyDB](https://cloud.google.com/alloydb/docs/)

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `initial_user.password`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=alloydb_cluster_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Alloydb Cluster Basic


```hcl
resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "default" {
  cluster_id = "alloydb-cluster"
  location   = "us-central1"
  network    = google_compute_network.default.id
}

data "google_project" "project" {}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "alloydb-cluster"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=alloydb_cluster_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Alloydb Cluster Full


```hcl
resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "full" {
  cluster_id   = "alloydb-cluster-full"
  location     = "us-central1"
  network      = google_compute_network.default.id

  initial_user {
    user     = "alloydb-cluster-full"
    password = "alloydb-cluster-full"
  }

  continuous_backup_config {
    enabled              = true
    recovery_window_days = 14
  }

  automated_backup_policy {
    location      = "us-central1"
    backup_window = "1800s"
    enabled       = true

    weekly_schedule {
      days_of_week = ["MONDAY"]

      start_times {
        hours   = 23
        minutes = 0
        seconds = 0
        nanos   = 0
      }
    }

    quantity_based_retention {
      count = 1
    }

    labels = {
      test = "alloydb-cluster-full"
    }
  }

  labels = {
    test = "alloydb-cluster-full"
  }
}

data "google_project" "project" {}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "alloydb-cluster-full"
}
```
## Example Usage - Alloydb Cluster Restore


```hcl
resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "source" {
  cluster_id = "alloydb-source-cluster"
  location   = "us-central1"
  network    = data.google_compute_network.default.id

  initial_user {
    password = "alloydb-source-cluster"
  }
}

resource "google_alloydb_instance" "source" {
  cluster       = google_alloydb_cluster.source.name
  instance_id   = "alloydb-instance"
  instance_type = "PRIMARY"

  machine_config {
    cpu_count = 2
  }

  depends_on = [google_service_networking_connection.vpc_connection]
}

resource "google_alloydb_backup" "source" {
  backup_id    = "alloydb-backup"
  location     = "us-central1"
  cluster_name = google_alloydb_cluster.source.name

  depends_on = [google_alloydb_instance.source]
}

resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "restored_from_backup" {
  cluster_id            = "alloydb-backup-restored"
  location              = "us-central1"
  network               = data.google_compute_network.default.id
  restore_backup_source {
    backup_name = google_alloydb_backup.source.name
  }
}

resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "restored_via_pitr" {
  cluster_id             = "alloydb-pitr-restored"
  location               = "us-central1"
  network                = data.google_compute_network.default.id

  restore_continuous_backup_source {
    cluster = google_alloydb_cluster.source.name
    point_in_time = "2023-08-03T19:19:00.094Z"
  }
}

data "google_project" "project" {}

data "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "alloydb-network"
}

resource "google_compute_global_address" "private_ip_alloc" {
  name          =  "alloydb-source-cluster"
  address_type  = "INTERNAL"
  purpose       = "VPC_PEERING"
  prefix_length = 16
  network       = data.google_compute_network.default.id
}

resource "google_service_networking_connection" "vpc_connection" {
  network                 = data.google_compute_network.default.id
  service                 = "servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
  reserved_peering_ranges = [google_compute_global_address.private_ip_alloc.name]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `network` -
  (Required)
  The relative resource name of the VPC network on which the instance can be accessed. It is specified in the following form:
  "projects/{projectNumber}/global/networks/{network_id}".

* `cluster_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID of the alloydb cluster.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location where the alloydb cluster should reside.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-defined labels for the alloydb cluster.

* `encryption_config` -
  (Optional)
  EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_config).

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User-settable and human-readable display name for the Cluster.

* `initial_user` -
  (Optional)
  Initial user to setup during cluster creation.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_initial_user).

* `restore_backup_source` -
  (Optional)
  The source when restoring from a backup. Conflicts with 'restore_continuous_backup_source', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_restore_backup_source).

* `restore_continuous_backup_source` -
  (Optional)
  The source when restoring via point in time recovery (PITR). Conflicts with 'restore_backup_source', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_restore_continuous_backup_source).

* `continuous_backup_config` -
  (Optional)
  The continuous backup config for this cluster.
  If no policy is provided then the default policy will be used. The default policy takes one backup a day and retains backups for 14 days.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_continuous_backup_config).

* `automated_backup_policy` -
  (Optional)
  The automated backup policy for this cluster. AutomatedBackupPolicy is disabled by default.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_automated_backup_policy).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_encryption_config"></a>The `encryption_config` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The fully-qualified resource name of the KMS key. Each Cloud KMS key is regionalized and has the following format: projects/[PROJECT]/locations/[REGION]/keyRings/[RING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY_NAME].

<a name="nested_initial_user"></a>The `initial_user` block supports:

* `user` -
  (Optional)
  The database username.

* `password` -
  (Required)
  The initial password for the user.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

<a name="nested_restore_backup_source"></a>The `restore_backup_source` block supports:

* `backup_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the backup that this cluster is restored from.

<a name="nested_restore_continuous_backup_source"></a>The `restore_continuous_backup_source` block supports:

* `cluster` -
  (Required)
  The name of the source cluster that this cluster is restored from.

* `point_in_time` -
  (Required)
  The point in time that this cluster is restored to, in RFC 3339 format.

<a name="nested_continuous_backup_config"></a>The `continuous_backup_config` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether continuous backup recovery is enabled. If not set, defaults to true.

* `recovery_window_days` -
  (Optional)
  The numbers of days that are eligible to restore from using PITR. To support the entire recovery window, backups and logs are retained for one day more than the recovery window.
  If not set, defaults to 14 days.

* `encryption_config` -
  (Optional)
  EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_config).


<a name="nested_encryption_config"></a>The `encryption_config` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The fully-qualified resource name of the KMS key. Each Cloud KMS key is regionalized and has the following format: projects/[PROJECT]/locations/[REGION]/keyRings/[RING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY_NAME].

<a name="nested_automated_backup_policy"></a>The `automated_backup_policy` block supports:

* `backup_window` -
  (Optional)
  The length of the time window during which a backup can be taken. If a backup does not succeed within this time window, it will be canceled and considered failed.
  The backup window must be at least 5 minutes long. There is no upper bound on the window. If not set, it will default to 1 hour.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The location where the backup will be stored. Currently, the only supported option is to store the backup in the same region as the cluster.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to backups created using this configuration.

* `encryption_config` -
  (Optional)
  EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_config).

* `weekly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Weekly schedule for the Backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_weekly_schedule).

* `time_based_retention` -
  (Optional)
  Time-based Backup retention policy. Conflicts with 'quantity_based_retention', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_time_based_retention).

* `quantity_based_retention` -
  (Optional)
  Quantity-based Backup retention policy to retain recent backups. Conflicts with 'time_based_retention', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_quantity_based_retention).

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether automated backups are enabled.


<a name="nested_encryption_config"></a>The `encryption_config` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The fully-qualified resource name of the KMS key. Each Cloud KMS key is regionalized and has the following format: projects/[PROJECT]/locations/[REGION]/keyRings/[RING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY_NAME].

<a name="nested_weekly_schedule"></a>The `weekly_schedule` block supports:

* `days_of_week` -
  (Optional)
  The days of the week to perform a backup. At least one day of the week must be provided.
  Each value may be one of: `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`.

* `start_times` -
  (Required)
  The times during the day to start a backup. At least one start time must be provided. The start times are assumed to be in UTC and to be an exact hour (e.g., 04:00:00).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_start_times).


<a name="nested_start_times"></a>The `start_times` block supports:

* `hours` -
  (Optional)
  Hours of day in 24 hour format. Should be from 0 to 23. An API may choose to allow the value "24:00:00" for scenarios like business closing time.

* `minutes` -
  (Optional)
  Minutes of hour of day. Currently, only the value 0 is supported.

* `seconds` -
  (Optional)
  Seconds of minutes of the time. Currently, only the value 0 is supported.

* `nanos` -
  (Optional)
  Fractions of seconds in nanoseconds. Currently, only the value 0 is supported.

<a name="nested_time_based_retention"></a>The `time_based_retention` block supports:

* `retention_period` -
  (Optional)
  The retention period.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

<a name="nested_quantity_based_retention"></a>The `quantity_based_retention` block supports:

* `count` -
  (Optional)
  The number of backups to retain.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/clusters/{{cluster_id}}`

* `name` -
  The name of the cluster resource.

* `uid` -
  The system-generated UID of the resource.

* `encryption_info` -
  EncryptionInfo describes the encryption information of a cluster or a backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_info).

* `continuous_backup_info` -
  ContinuousBackupInfo describes the continuous backup properties of a cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_continuous_backup_info).

* `database_version` -
  The database engine major version. This is an output-only field and it's populated at the Cluster creation time. This field cannot be changed after cluster creation.

* `backup_source` -
  Cluster created from backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_backup_source).

* `migration_source` -
  Cluster created via DMS migration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_migration_source).


<a name="nested_encryption_info"></a>The `encryption_info` block contains:

* `encryption_type` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Type of encryption.

* `kms_key_versions` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Cloud KMS key versions that are being used to protect the database or the backup.

<a name="nested_continuous_backup_info"></a>The `continuous_backup_info` block contains:

* `enabled_time` -
  (Output)
  When ContinuousBackup was most recently enabled. Set to null if ContinuousBackup is not enabled.

* `schedule` -
  (Output)
  Days of the week on which a continuous backup is taken. Output only field. Ignored if passed into the request.

* `earliest_restorable_time` -
  (Output)
  The earliest restorable time that can be restored to. Output only field.

* `encryption_info` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The encryption information for the WALs and backups required for ContinuousBackup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_info).


<a name="nested_encryption_info"></a>The `encryption_info` block contains:

* `encryption_type` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Type of encryption.

* `kms_key_versions` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Cloud KMS key versions that are being used to protect the database or the backup.

<a name="nested_backup_source"></a>The `backup_source` block contains:

* `backup_name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the backup resource.

<a name="nested_migration_source"></a>The `migration_source` block contains:

* `host_port` -
  (Optional)
  The host and port of the on-premises instance in host:port format

* `reference_id` -
  (Optional)
  Place holder for the external source identifier(e.g DMS job name) that created the cluster.

* `source_type` -
  (Optional)
  Type of migration source.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import


Cluster can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/clusters/{{cluster_id}}
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{cluster_id}}
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default {{location}}/{{cluster_id}}
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default {{cluster_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

[AlloyDB] Named IP Range Support (#8963) (#6297)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/alloydb_cluster.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "AlloyDB"
description: |-
  A managed alloydb cluster.
---

# google\_alloydb\_cluster

A managed alloydb cluster.


To get more information about Cluster, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/alloydb/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.clusters/create)
* How-to Guides
    * [AlloyDB](https://cloud.google.com/alloydb/docs/)

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `initial_user.password`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=alloydb_cluster_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Alloydb Cluster Basic


```hcl
resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "default" {
  cluster_id = "alloydb-cluster"
  location   = "us-central1"
  network    = google_compute_network.default.id
}

data "google_project" "project" {}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "alloydb-cluster"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=alloydb_cluster_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Alloydb Cluster Full


```hcl
resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "full" {
  cluster_id   = "alloydb-cluster-full"
  location     = "us-central1"
  network      = google_compute_network.default.id

  initial_user {
    user     = "alloydb-cluster-full"
    password = "alloydb-cluster-full"
  }

  continuous_backup_config {
    enabled              = true
    recovery_window_days = 14
  }

  automated_backup_policy {
    location      = "us-central1"
    backup_window = "1800s"
    enabled       = true

    weekly_schedule {
      days_of_week = ["MONDAY"]

      start_times {
        hours   = 23
        minutes = 0
        seconds = 0
        nanos   = 0
      }
    }

    quantity_based_retention {
      count = 1
    }

    labels = {
      test = "alloydb-cluster-full"
    }
  }

  labels = {
    test = "alloydb-cluster-full"
  }
}

data "google_project" "project" {}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "alloydb-cluster-full"
}
```
## Example Usage - Alloydb Cluster Restore


```hcl
resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "source" {
  cluster_id = "alloydb-source-cluster"
  location   = "us-central1"
  network    = data.google_compute_network.default.id

  initial_user {
    password = "alloydb-source-cluster"
  }
}

resource "google_alloydb_instance" "source" {
  cluster       = google_alloydb_cluster.source.name
  instance_id   = "alloydb-instance"
  instance_type = "PRIMARY"

  machine_config {
    cpu_count = 2
  }

  depends_on = [google_service_networking_connection.vpc_connection]
}

resource "google_alloydb_backup" "source" {
  backup_id    = "alloydb-backup"
  location     = "us-central1"
  cluster_name = google_alloydb_cluster.source.name

  depends_on = [google_alloydb_instance.source]
}

resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "restored_from_backup" {
  cluster_id            = "alloydb-backup-restored"
  location              = "us-central1"
  network               = data.google_compute_network.default.id
  restore_backup_source {
    backup_name = google_alloydb_backup.source.name
  }
}

resource "google_alloydb_cluster" "restored_via_pitr" {
  cluster_id             = "alloydb-pitr-restored"
  location               = "us-central1"
  network                = data.google_compute_network.default.id

  restore_continuous_backup_source {
    cluster = google_alloydb_cluster.source.name
    point_in_time = "2023-08-03T19:19:00.094Z"
  }
}

data "google_project" "project" {}

data "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "alloydb-network"
}

resource "google_compute_global_address" "private_ip_alloc" {
  name          =  "alloydb-source-cluster"
  address_type  = "INTERNAL"
  purpose       = "VPC_PEERING"
  prefix_length = 16
  network       = data.google_compute_network.default.id
}

resource "google_service_networking_connection" "vpc_connection" {
  network                 = data.google_compute_network.default.id
  service                 = "servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
  reserved_peering_ranges = [google_compute_global_address.private_ip_alloc.name]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `cluster_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID of the alloydb cluster.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location where the alloydb cluster should reside.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-defined labels for the alloydb cluster.

* `encryption_config` -
  (Optional)
  EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_config).

* `network` -
  (Optional, Deprecated)
  The relative resource name of the VPC network on which the instance can be accessed. It is specified in the following form:
  "projects/{projectNumber}/global/networks/{network_id}".

  ~> **Warning:** `network` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Instead, use `network_config` to define the network configuration.

* `network_config` -
  (Optional)
  Metadata related to network configuration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_network_config).

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User-settable and human-readable display name for the Cluster.

* `initial_user` -
  (Optional)
  Initial user to setup during cluster creation.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_initial_user).

* `restore_backup_source` -
  (Optional)
  The source when restoring from a backup. Conflicts with 'restore_continuous_backup_source', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_restore_backup_source).

* `restore_continuous_backup_source` -
  (Optional)
  The source when restoring via point in time recovery (PITR). Conflicts with 'restore_backup_source', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_restore_continuous_backup_source).

* `continuous_backup_config` -
  (Optional)
  The continuous backup config for this cluster.
  If no policy is provided then the default policy will be used. The default policy takes one backup a day and retains backups for 14 days.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_continuous_backup_config).

* `automated_backup_policy` -
  (Optional)
  The automated backup policy for this cluster. AutomatedBackupPolicy is disabled by default.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_automated_backup_policy).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_encryption_config"></a>The `encryption_config` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The fully-qualified resource name of the KMS key. Each Cloud KMS key is regionalized and has the following format: projects/[PROJECT]/locations/[REGION]/keyRings/[RING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY_NAME].

<a name="nested_network_config"></a>The `network_config` block supports:

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The resource link for the VPC network in which cluster resources are created and from which they are accessible via Private IP. The network must belong to the same project as the cluster.
  It is specified in the form: "projects/{projectNumber}/global/networks/{network_id}".

* `allocated_ip_range` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the allocated IP range for the private IP AlloyDB cluster. For example: "google-managed-services-default".
  If set, the instance IPs for this cluster will be created in the allocated range.

<a name="nested_initial_user"></a>The `initial_user` block supports:

* `user` -
  (Optional)
  The database username.

* `password` -
  (Required)
  The initial password for the user.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

<a name="nested_restore_backup_source"></a>The `restore_backup_source` block supports:

* `backup_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the backup that this cluster is restored from.

<a name="nested_restore_continuous_backup_source"></a>The `restore_continuous_backup_source` block supports:

* `cluster` -
  (Required)
  The name of the source cluster that this cluster is restored from.

* `point_in_time` -
  (Required)
  The point in time that this cluster is restored to, in RFC 3339 format.

<a name="nested_continuous_backup_config"></a>The `continuous_backup_config` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether continuous backup recovery is enabled. If not set, defaults to true.

* `recovery_window_days` -
  (Optional)
  The numbers of days that are eligible to restore from using PITR. To support the entire recovery window, backups and logs are retained for one day more than the recovery window.
  If not set, defaults to 14 days.

* `encryption_config` -
  (Optional)
  EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_config).


<a name="nested_encryption_config"></a>The `encryption_config` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The fully-qualified resource name of the KMS key. Each Cloud KMS key is regionalized and has the following format: projects/[PROJECT]/locations/[REGION]/keyRings/[RING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY_NAME].

<a name="nested_automated_backup_policy"></a>The `automated_backup_policy` block supports:

* `backup_window` -
  (Optional)
  The length of the time window during which a backup can be taken. If a backup does not succeed within this time window, it will be canceled and considered failed.
  The backup window must be at least 5 minutes long. There is no upper bound on the window. If not set, it will default to 1 hour.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The location where the backup will be stored. Currently, the only supported option is to store the backup in the same region as the cluster.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to backups created using this configuration.

* `encryption_config` -
  (Optional)
  EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_config).

* `weekly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Weekly schedule for the Backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_weekly_schedule).

* `time_based_retention` -
  (Optional)
  Time-based Backup retention policy. Conflicts with 'quantity_based_retention', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_time_based_retention).

* `quantity_based_retention` -
  (Optional)
  Quantity-based Backup retention policy to retain recent backups. Conflicts with 'time_based_retention', both can't be set together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_quantity_based_retention).

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether automated backups are enabled.


<a name="nested_encryption_config"></a>The `encryption_config` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The fully-qualified resource name of the KMS key. Each Cloud KMS key is regionalized and has the following format: projects/[PROJECT]/locations/[REGION]/keyRings/[RING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY_NAME].

<a name="nested_weekly_schedule"></a>The `weekly_schedule` block supports:

* `days_of_week` -
  (Optional)
  The days of the week to perform a backup. At least one day of the week must be provided.
  Each value may be one of: `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`.

* `start_times` -
  (Required)
  The times during the day to start a backup. At least one start time must be provided. The start times are assumed to be in UTC and to be an exact hour (e.g., 04:00:00).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_start_times).


<a name="nested_start_times"></a>The `start_times` block supports:

* `hours` -
  (Optional)
  Hours of day in 24 hour format. Should be from 0 to 23. An API may choose to allow the value "24:00:00" for scenarios like business closing time.

* `minutes` -
  (Optional)
  Minutes of hour of day. Currently, only the value 0 is supported.

* `seconds` -
  (Optional)
  Seconds of minutes of the time. Currently, only the value 0 is supported.

* `nanos` -
  (Optional)
  Fractions of seconds in nanoseconds. Currently, only the value 0 is supported.

<a name="nested_time_based_retention"></a>The `time_based_retention` block supports:

* `retention_period` -
  (Optional)
  The retention period.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

<a name="nested_quantity_based_retention"></a>The `quantity_based_retention` block supports:

* `count` -
  (Optional)
  The number of backups to retain.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/clusters/{{cluster_id}}`

* `name` -
  The name of the cluster resource.

* `uid` -
  The system-generated UID of the resource.

* `encryption_info` -
  EncryptionInfo describes the encryption information of a cluster or a backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_info).

* `continuous_backup_info` -
  ContinuousBackupInfo describes the continuous backup properties of a cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_continuous_backup_info).

* `database_version` -
  The database engine major version. This is an output-only field and it's populated at the Cluster creation time. This field cannot be changed after cluster creation.

* `backup_source` -
  Cluster created from backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_backup_source).

* `migration_source` -
  Cluster created via DMS migration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_migration_source).


<a name="nested_encryption_info"></a>The `encryption_info` block contains:

* `encryption_type` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Type of encryption.

* `kms_key_versions` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Cloud KMS key versions that are being used to protect the database or the backup.

<a name="nested_continuous_backup_info"></a>The `continuous_backup_info` block contains:

* `enabled_time` -
  (Output)
  When ContinuousBackup was most recently enabled. Set to null if ContinuousBackup is not enabled.

* `schedule` -
  (Output)
  Days of the week on which a continuous backup is taken. Output only field. Ignored if passed into the request.

* `earliest_restorable_time` -
  (Output)
  The earliest restorable time that can be restored to. Output only field.

* `encryption_info` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The encryption information for the WALs and backups required for ContinuousBackup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_info).


<a name="nested_encryption_info"></a>The `encryption_info` block contains:

* `encryption_type` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Type of encryption.

* `kms_key_versions` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Cloud KMS key versions that are being used to protect the database or the backup.

<a name="nested_backup_source"></a>The `backup_source` block contains:

* `backup_name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the backup resource.

<a name="nested_migration_source"></a>The `migration_source` block contains:

* `host_port` -
  (Optional)
  The host and port of the on-premises instance in host:port format

* `reference_id` -
  (Optional)
  Place holder for the external source identifier(e.g DMS job name) that created the cluster.

* `source_type` -
  (Optional)
  Type of migration source.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import


Cluster can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/clusters/{{cluster_id}}
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{cluster_id}}
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default {{location}}/{{cluster_id}}
$ terraform import google_alloydb_cluster.default {{cluster_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
