website/docs/r/api_gateway_gateway.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "API Gateway"
description: |-
  A consumable API that can be used by multiple Gateways.
---

# google\_api\_gateway\_gateway

A consumable API that can be used by multiple Gateways.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Gateway, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/api-gateway/docs/reference/rest/v1beta/projects.locations.apis)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/api-gateway/docs/quickstart)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=apigateway_gateway_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Apigateway Gateway Basic


```hcl
resource "google_api_gateway_api" "api_gw" {
  provider = google-beta
  api_id = "my-api"
}

resource "google_api_gateway_api_config" "api_gw" {
  provider = google-beta
  api = google_api_gateway_api.api_gw.api_id
  api_config_id = "my-config"

  openapi_documents {
    document {
      path = "spec.yaml"
      contents = filebase64("test-fixtures/openapi.yaml")
    }
  }
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
}

resource "google_api_gateway_gateway" "api_gw" {
  provider = google-beta
  api_config = google_api_gateway_api_config.api_gw.id
  gateway_id = "my-gateway"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `api_config` -
  (Required)
  Resource name of the API Config for this Gateway. Format: projects/{project}/locations/global/apis/{api}/configs/{apiConfig}.
  When changing api configs please ensure the new config is a new resource and the lifecycle rule `create_before_destroy` is set.

* `gateway_id` -
  (Required)
  Identifier to assign to the Gateway. Must be unique within scope of the parent resource(project).


- - -


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  A user-visible name for the API.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the gateway for the API.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/gateways/{{gateway_id}}`

* `name` -
  Resource name of the Gateway. Format: projects/{project}/locations/{region}/gateways/{gateway}

* `default_hostname` -
  The default API Gateway host name of the form {gatewayId}-{hash}.{region_code}.gateway.dev.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Gateway can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/gateways/{{gateway_id}}
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{gateway_id}}
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default {{region}}/{{gateway_id}}
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default {{gateway_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051) (#6375)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/api_gateway_gateway.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "API Gateway"
description: |-
  A consumable API that can be used by multiple Gateways.
---

# google\_api\_gateway\_gateway

A consumable API that can be used by multiple Gateways.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Gateway, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/api-gateway/docs/reference/rest/v1beta/projects.locations.apis)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/api-gateway/docs/quickstart)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=apigateway_gateway_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Apigateway Gateway Basic


```hcl
resource "google_api_gateway_api" "api_gw" {
  provider = google-beta
  api_id = "my-api"
}

resource "google_api_gateway_api_config" "api_gw" {
  provider = google-beta
  api = google_api_gateway_api.api_gw.api_id
  api_config_id = "my-config"

  openapi_documents {
    document {
      path = "spec.yaml"
      contents = filebase64("test-fixtures/openapi.yaml")
    }
  }
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
}

resource "google_api_gateway_gateway" "api_gw" {
  provider = google-beta
  api_config = google_api_gateway_api_config.api_gw.id
  gateway_id = "my-gateway"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `api_config` -
  (Required)
  Resource name of the API Config for this Gateway. Format: projects/{project}/locations/global/apis/{api}/configs/{apiConfig}.
  When changing api configs please ensure the new config is a new resource and the lifecycle rule `create_before_destroy` is set.

* `gateway_id` -
  (Required)
  Identifier to assign to the Gateway. Must be unique within scope of the parent resource(project).


- - -


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  A user-visible name for the API.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the gateway for the API.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/gateways/{{gateway_id}}`

* `name` -
  Resource name of the Gateway. Format: projects/{project}/locations/{region}/gateways/{gateway}

* `default_hostname` -
  The default API Gateway host name of the form {gatewayId}-{hash}.{region_code}.gateway.dev.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Gateway can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/gateways/{{gateway_id}}
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{gateway_id}}
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default {{region}}/{{gateway_id}}
$ terraform import google_api_gateway_gateway.default {{gateway_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
