website/docs/r/beyondcorp_app_connection.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "BeyondCorp"
description: |-
  A BeyondCorp AppConnection resource represents a BeyondCorp protected AppConnection to a remote application.
---

# google\_beyondcorp\_app\_connection

A BeyondCorp AppConnection resource represents a BeyondCorp protected AppConnection to a remote application.
It creates all the necessary GCP components needed for creating a BeyondCorp protected AppConnection. 
Multiple connectors can be authorised for a single AppConnection.


To get more information about AppConnection, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp/docs/reference/rest#rest-resource:-v1.projects.locations.appconnections)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp-enterprise/docs/enable-app-connector)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=beyondcorp_app_connection_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Beyondcorp App Connection Basic


```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "service_account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connector" "app_connector" {
  name = "my-app-connector"
  principal_info {
    service_account {
     email = google_service_account.service_account.email
    }
  }
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connection" "app_connection" {
  name = "my-app-connection"
  type = "TCP_PROXY"
  application_endpoint {
    host = "foo-host"
    port = 8080
  }
  connectors = [google_beyondcorp_app_connector.app_connector.id]
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=beyondcorp_app_connection_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Beyondcorp App Connection Full


```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "service_account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_gateway" "app_gateway" {
  name = "my-app-gateway"
  type = "TCP_PROXY"
  host_type = "GCP_REGIONAL_MIG"
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connector" "app_connector" {
  name = "my-app-connector"
  principal_info {
    service_account {
     email = google_service_account.service_account.email
    }
  }
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connection" "app_connection" {
  name = "my-app-connection"
  type = "TCP_PROXY"
  display_name = "some display name"
  application_endpoint {
    host = "foo-host"
    port = 8080
  }
  connectors = [google_beyondcorp_app_connector.app_connector.id]
  gateway {
    app_gateway = google_beyondcorp_app_gateway.app_gateway.id
  }
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
    bar = "baz"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  ID of the AppConnection.

* `application_endpoint` -
  (Required)
  Address of the remote application endpoint for the BeyondCorp AppConnection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_application_endpoint).


<a name="nested_application_endpoint"></a>The `application_endpoint` block supports:

* `host` -
  (Required)
  Hostname or IP address of the remote application endpoint.

* `port` -
  (Required)
  Port of the remote application endpoint.

- - -


* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the AppConnection.

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  An arbitrary user-provided name for the AppConnection.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user provided metadata.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of network connectivity used by the AppConnection. Refer to
  https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.appConnections#type
  for a list of possible values.

* `connectors` -
  (Optional)
  List of AppConnectors that are authorised to be associated with this AppConnection

* `gateway` -
  (Optional)
  Gateway used by the AppConnection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gateway).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_gateway"></a>The `gateway` block supports:

* `app_gateway` -
  (Required)
  AppGateway name in following format: projects/{project_id}/locations/{locationId}/appgateways/{gateway_id}.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of hosting used by the gateway. Refer to
  https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.appConnections#Type_1
  for a list of possible values.

* `uri` -
  (Output)
  Server-defined URI for this resource.

* `ingress_port` -
  (Output)
  Ingress port reserved on the gateways for this AppConnection, if not specified or zero, the default port is 19443.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/appConnections/{{name}}`

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 30 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 30 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 30 minutes.

## Import


AppConnection can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/appConnections/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/beyondcorp_app_connection.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "BeyondCorp"
description: |-
  A BeyondCorp AppConnection resource represents a BeyondCorp protected AppConnection to a remote application.
---

# google\_beyondcorp\_app\_connection

A BeyondCorp AppConnection resource represents a BeyondCorp protected AppConnection to a remote application.
It creates all the necessary GCP components needed for creating a BeyondCorp protected AppConnection. 
Multiple connectors can be authorised for a single AppConnection.


To get more information about AppConnection, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp/docs/reference/rest#rest-resource:-v1.projects.locations.appconnections)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp-enterprise/docs/enable-app-connector)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=beyondcorp_app_connection_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Beyondcorp App Connection Basic


```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "service_account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connector" "app_connector" {
  name = "my-app-connector"
  principal_info {
    service_account {
     email = google_service_account.service_account.email
    }
  }
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connection" "app_connection" {
  name = "my-app-connection"
  type = "TCP_PROXY"
  application_endpoint {
    host = "foo-host"
    port = 8080
  }
  connectors = [google_beyondcorp_app_connector.app_connector.id]
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=beyondcorp_app_connection_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Beyondcorp App Connection Full


```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "service_account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_gateway" "app_gateway" {
  name = "my-app-gateway"
  type = "TCP_PROXY"
  host_type = "GCP_REGIONAL_MIG"
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connector" "app_connector" {
  name = "my-app-connector"
  principal_info {
    service_account {
     email = google_service_account.service_account.email
    }
  }
}

resource "google_beyondcorp_app_connection" "app_connection" {
  name = "my-app-connection"
  type = "TCP_PROXY"
  display_name = "some display name"
  application_endpoint {
    host = "foo-host"
    port = 8080
  }
  connectors = [google_beyondcorp_app_connector.app_connector.id]
  gateway {
    app_gateway = google_beyondcorp_app_gateway.app_gateway.id
  }
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
    bar = "baz"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  ID of the AppConnection.

* `application_endpoint` -
  (Required)
  Address of the remote application endpoint for the BeyondCorp AppConnection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_application_endpoint).


<a name="nested_application_endpoint"></a>The `application_endpoint` block supports:

* `host` -
  (Required)
  Hostname or IP address of the remote application endpoint.

* `port` -
  (Required)
  Port of the remote application endpoint.

- - -


* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the AppConnection.

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  An arbitrary user-provided name for the AppConnection.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user provided metadata.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of network connectivity used by the AppConnection. Refer to
  https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.appConnections#type
  for a list of possible values.

* `connectors` -
  (Optional)
  List of AppConnectors that are authorised to be associated with this AppConnection

* `gateway` -
  (Optional)
  Gateway used by the AppConnection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gateway).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_gateway"></a>The `gateway` block supports:

* `app_gateway` -
  (Required)
  AppGateway name in following format: projects/{project_id}/locations/{locationId}/appgateways/{gateway_id}.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of hosting used by the gateway. Refer to
  https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.appConnections#Type_1
  for a list of possible values.

* `uri` -
  (Output)
  Server-defined URI for this resource.

* `ingress_port` -
  (Output)
  Ingress port reserved on the gateways for this AppConnection, if not specified or zero, the default port is 19443.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/appConnections/{{name}}`

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 30 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 30 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 30 minutes.

## Import


AppConnection can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/appConnections/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_beyondcorp_app_connection.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
