---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "BigQuery Reservation"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_bigquery_capacity_commitments"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-bigquery-capacity-commitments"
description: |-
  Capacity commitment is a way to purchase compute capacity for BigQuery jobs (in the form of slots) with some committed period of usage.
---

# google\_bigquery\_capacity\_commitments

Capacity commitment is a way to purchase compute capacity for BigQuery jobs (in the form of slots) with some committed period of usage.


To get more information about CapacityCommitments, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/reservations/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.reservations/create)
* How-to Guides
    * [Introduction to Reservations](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reservations-intro)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `slot_count` -
  (Required)
  Number of slots in this commitment.

* `plan` -
  (Required)
  Commitment plan defines the current committed period. Capacity commitment cannot be deleted during it's committed period. The following values are supported:
  FLEX: Flex commitments have committed period of 1 minute after becoming ACTIVE. After that, they are not in a committed period anymore and can be removed any time.
  TRIAL: Trial commitments have a committed period of 182 days after becoming ACTIVE. After that, they are converted to a new commitment based on the renewalPlan. Default renewalPlan for Trial commitment is Flex so that it can be deleted right after committed period ends.
  MONTHLY: Monthly commitments have a committed period of 30 days after becoming ACTIVE. After that, they are not in a committed period anymore and can be removed any time.
  ANNUAL: Annual commitments have a committed period of 365 days after becoming ACTIVE. After that they are converted to a new commitment based on the renewalPlan.
  Possible values are `FLEX`, `TRIAL`, `MONTHLY`, and `ANNUAL`.


- - -


* `is_enforce_single_admin_project_per_org` -
  (Optional)
  If true, fail the request if another project in the organization has a capacity commitment.

* `capacity_commitment_id` -
  (Optional)
  The optional capacity commitment ID. Capacity commitment name will be generated automatically if this field is empty. This field must only contain lower case alphanumeric characters or dash. Max length is 64 characters.

* `renewal_plan` -
  (Optional)
  The plan this capacity commitment is converted to after commitmentEndTime passes. Once the plan is changed, committed period is extended according to commitment plan. Only applicable for ANNUAL commitments.
  FLEX: Flex commitments have committed period of 1 minute after becoming ACTIVE. After that, they are not in a committed period anymore and can be removed any time.
  TRIAL: Trial commitments have a committed period of 182 days after becoming ACTIVE. After that, they are converted to a new commitment based on the renewalPlan. Default renewalPlan for Trial commitment is Flex so that it can be deleted right after committed period ends.
  MONTHLY: Monthly commitments have a committed period of 30 days after becoming ACTIVE. After that, they are not in a committed period anymore and can be removed any time.
  ANNUAL: Annual commitments have a committed period of 365 days after becoming ACTIVE. After that they are converted to a new commitment based on the renewalPlan.
  Possible values are `FLEX`, `TRIAL`, `MONTHLY`, and `ANNUAL`.

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The geographic location where the transfer config should reside.
  Examples: US, EU, asia-northeast1. The default value is US.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/capacityCommitments/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import


CapacityCommitments can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_bigquery_capacity_commitments.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/capacityCommitments/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_bigquery_capacity_commitments.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_bigquery_capacity_commitments.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
