website/docs/r/bigtable_gc_policy.html.markdown, before:

---
subcategory: "Cloud Bigtable"
description: |-
  Creates a Google Cloud Bigtable GC Policy inside a family.
---

# google_bigtable_gc_policy

Creates a Google Cloud Bigtable GC Policy inside a family. For more information see
[the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/) and
[API](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/go/reference).

-> **Warning**: We don't recommend having multiple GC policies for the same column
family as it may result in unexpected behavior.

-> **Note**: GC policies associated with a replicated table cannot be destroyed directly.
Destroying a GC policy is translated into never perform garbage collection, this is
considered relaxing from pure age-based or version-based GC policy, hence not allowed.
The workaround is unreplicating the instance first by updating the instance to have one
cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "tf-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "tf-instance-cluster"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_table" "table" {
  name          = "tf-table"
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name

  column_family {
    family = "name"
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_gc_policy" "policy" {
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  table         = google_bigtable_table.table.name
  column_family = "name"
  deletion_policy = "ABANDON"


  gc_rules = <<EOF
  {
    "rules": [
      {
        "max_age": "168h"
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
}
```

Multiple conditions is also supported. `UNION` when any of its sub-policies apply (OR). `INTERSECTION` when all its sub-policies apply (AND)

```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_gc_policy" "policy" {
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  table         = google_bigtable_table.table.name
  column_family = "name"
  deletion_policy = "ABANDON"

  gc_rules = <<EOF
  {
    "mode": "union",
    "rules": [
      {
        "max_age": "168h"
      },
      {
        "max_version": 10
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
}
```

An example of more complex GC policy:
```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "instance_name"

  cluster {
    cluster_id = "cid"
    zone       = "us-central1-b"
  }

  instance_type = "DEVELOPMENT"
  deletion_protection = false
}

resource "google_bigtable_table" "table" {
  name          = "your-table"
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.id

  column_family {
    family = "cf1"
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_gc_policy" "policy" {
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.id
  table         = google_bigtable_table.table.name
  column_family = "cf1"
  deletion_policy = "ABANDON"

  gc_rules = <<EOF
  {
    "mode": "union",
    "rules": [
      {
        "max_age": "10h"
      },
      {
        "mode": "intersection",
        "rules": [
          {
            "max_age": "2h"
          },
          {
            "max_version": 2
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
}
```
This is equivalent to running the following `cbt` command:
```
cbt setgcpolicy your-table cf1 "(maxage=2d and maxversions=2) or maxage=10h"
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `table` - (Required) The name of the table.

* `instance_name` - (Required) The name of the Bigtable instance.

* `column_family` - (Required) The name of the column family.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `mode` - (Optional) If multiple policies are set, you should choose between `UNION` OR `INTERSECTION`.

* `max_age` - (Optional) GC policy that applies to all cells older than the given age.

* `max_version` - (Optional) GC policy that applies to all versions of a cell except for the most recent.

* `gc_rules` - (Optional) Serialized JSON object to represent a more complex GC policy. Conflicts with `mode`, `max_age` and `max_version`. Conflicts with `mode`, `max_age` and `max_version`.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) The deletion policy for the GC policy.
    Setting ABANDON allows the resource to be abandoned rather than deleted. This is useful for GC policy as it cannot be deleted in a replicated instance.

    Possible values are: `ABANDON`.

-----

`max_age` supports the following arguments:

* `days` - (Optional, Deprecated in favor of duration) Number of days before applying GC policy.

* `duration` - (Optional) Duration before applying GC policy (ex. "8h"). This is required when `days` isn't set

-----

`max_version` supports the following arguments:

* `number` - (Required) Number of version before applying the GC policy.

-----
`gc_rules` include 2 fields:
- `mode`: optional, either `intersection` or `union`.
- `rules`: an array of GC policy rule, can be specified as JSON object: `{"max_age": "16h"}` or `{"max_version": 2}`
- If `mode` is not specified, `rules` can only contains one GC policy. If `mode` is specified, `rules` must have at least 2 policies.

## Attributes Reference

Only the arguments listed above are exposed as attributes.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

Commit message:

Bigtable: Adds ignore_warning to gc policy resource (#10982) (#7571)
[upstream:0580617eab696140a6af28763ac2575db33dca9a]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/bigtable_gc_policy.html.markdown, after:

---
subcategory: "Cloud Bigtable"
description: |-
  Creates a Google Cloud Bigtable GC Policy inside a family.
---

# google_bigtable_gc_policy

Creates a Google Cloud Bigtable GC Policy inside a family. For more information see
[the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/) and
[API](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/go/reference).

-> **Warning**: We don't recommend having multiple GC policies for the same column
family as it may result in unexpected behavior.

-> **Note**: GC policies associated with a replicated table cannot be destroyed directly.
Destroying a GC policy is translated into never perform garbage collection, this is
considered relaxing from pure age-based or version-based GC policy, hence not allowed.
The workaround is unreplicating the instance first by updating the instance to have one
cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "tf-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "tf-instance-cluster"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_table" "table" {
  name          = "tf-table"
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name

  column_family {
    family = "name"
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_gc_policy" "policy" {
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  table         = google_bigtable_table.table.name
  column_family = "name"
  deletion_policy = "ABANDON"


  gc_rules = <<EOF
  {
    "rules": [
      {
        "max_age": "168h"
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
}
```

Multiple conditions is also supported. `UNION` when any of its sub-policies apply (OR). `INTERSECTION` when all its sub-policies apply (AND)

```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_gc_policy" "policy" {
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  table         = google_bigtable_table.table.name
  column_family = "name"
  deletion_policy = "ABANDON"

  gc_rules = <<EOF
  {
    "mode": "union",
    "rules": [
      {
        "max_age": "168h"
      },
      {
        "max_version": 10
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
}
```

An example of more complex GC policy:
```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "instance_name"

  cluster {
    cluster_id = "cid"
    zone       = "us-central1-b"
  }

  instance_type = "DEVELOPMENT"
  deletion_protection = false
}

resource "google_bigtable_table" "table" {
  name          = "your-table"
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.id

  column_family {
    family = "cf1"
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_gc_policy" "policy" {
  instance_name = google_bigtable_instance.instance.id
  table         = google_bigtable_table.table.name
  column_family = "cf1"
  deletion_policy = "ABANDON"

  gc_rules = <<EOF
  {
    "mode": "union",
    "rules": [
      {
        "max_age": "10h"
      },
      {
        "mode": "intersection",
        "rules": [
          {
            "max_age": "2h"
          },
          {
            "max_version": 2
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
}
```
This is equivalent to running the following `cbt` command:
```
cbt setgcpolicy your-table cf1 "(maxage=2d and maxversions=2) or maxage=10h"
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `table` - (Required) The name of the table.

* `instance_name` - (Required) The name of the Bigtable instance.

* `column_family` - (Required) The name of the column family.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `mode` - (Optional) If multiple policies are set, you should choose between `UNION` OR `INTERSECTION`.

* `max_age` - (Optional) GC policy that applies to all cells older than the given age.

* `max_version` - (Optional) GC policy that applies to all versions of a cell except for the most recent.

* `gc_rules` - (Optional) Serialized JSON object to represent a more complex GC policy. Conflicts with `mode`, `max_age` and `max_version`. Conflicts with `mode`, `max_age` and `max_version`.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) The deletion policy for the GC policy.
    Setting ABANDON allows the resource to be abandoned rather than deleted. This is useful for GC policy as it cannot be deleted in a replicated instance.

    Possible values are: `ABANDON`.

* `ignore_warnings` - (Optional) Boolean for whether to allow ignoring warnings when updating the gc policy.
    Setting this to `true` allows relaxing the gc policy for replicated clusters by up to 90 days, but keep in mind this may increase how long clusters are inconsistent. Make sure
    you understand the risks listed at https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/garbage-collection#increasing before setting this option.
-----

`max_age` supports the following arguments:

* `days` - (Optional, Deprecated in favor of duration) Number of days before applying GC policy.

* `duration` - (Optional) Duration before applying GC policy (ex. "8h"). This is required when `days` isn't set

-----

`max_version` supports the following arguments:

* `number` - (Required) Number of version before applying the GC policy.

-----
`gc_rules` include 2 fields:
- `mode`: optional, either `intersection` or `union`.
- `rules`: an array of GC policy rule, can be specified as JSON object: `{"max_age": "16h"}` or `{"max_version": 2}`
- If `mode` is not specified, `rules` can only contains one GC policy. If `mode` is specified, `rules` must have at least 2 policies.

## Attributes Reference

Only the arguments listed above are exposed as attributes.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.
