website/docs/r/bigtable_app_profile.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Bigtable"
description: |-
  App profile is a configuration object describing how Cloud Bigtable should treat traffic from a particular end user application.
---

# google_bigtable_app_profile

App profile is a configuration object describing how Cloud Bigtable should treat traffic from a particular end user application.


To get more information about AppProfile, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/reference/admin/rest/v2/projects.instances.appProfiles)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_anycluster&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Anycluster


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-a"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-2"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-3"
    zone         = "us-central1-c"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to any of the 3 clusters.
  multi_cluster_routing_use_any = true

  ignore_warnings               = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_singlecluster&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Singlecluster


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to the following cluster.
  single_cluster_routing {
    cluster_id                 = "cluster-1"
    allow_transactional_writes = true
  }

  ignore_warnings = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_multicluster&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Multicluster


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-a"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-2"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-3"
    zone         = "us-central1-c"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to the following 2 clusters.
  multi_cluster_routing_use_any = true
  multi_cluster_routing_cluster_ids = ["cluster-1", "cluster-2"]

  ignore_warnings               = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_priority&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Priority


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to the following cluster.
  single_cluster_routing {
    cluster_id                 = "cluster-1"
    allow_transactional_writes = true
  }

  standard_isolation {
    priority = "PRIORITY_LOW"
  }

  ignore_warnings = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `app_profile_id` -
  (Required)
  The unique name of the app profile in the form `[_a-zA-Z0-9][-_.a-zA-Z0-9]*`.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Long form description of the use case for this app profile.

* `multi_cluster_routing_use_any` -
  (Optional)
  If true, read/write requests are routed to the nearest cluster in the instance, and will fail over to the nearest cluster that is available
  in the event of transient errors or delays. Clusters in a region are considered equidistant. Choosing this option sacrifices read-your-writes
  consistency to improve availability.

* `single_cluster_routing` -
  (Optional)
  Use a single-cluster routing policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_single_cluster_routing).

* `standard_isolation` -
  (Optional)
  The standard options used for isolating this app profile's traffic from other use cases.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_standard_isolation).

* `instance` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the instance to create the app profile within.

* `ignore_warnings` -
  (Optional)
  If true, ignore safety checks when deleting/updating the app profile.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_single_cluster_routing"></a>The `single_cluster_routing` block supports:

* `cluster_id` -
  (Required)
  The cluster to which read/write requests should be routed.

* `allow_transactional_writes` -
  (Optional)
  If true, CheckAndMutateRow and ReadModifyWriteRow requests are allowed by this app profile.
  It is unsafe to send these requests to the same table/row/column in multiple clusters.

<a name="nested_standard_isolation"></a>The `standard_isolation` block supports:

* `priority` -
  (Required)
  The priority of requests sent using this app profile.
  Possible values are: `PRIORITY_LOW`, `PRIORITY_MEDIUM`, `PRIORITY_HIGH`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique name of the requested app profile. Values are of the form `projects/<project>/instances/<instance>/appProfiles/<appProfileId>`.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


AppProfile can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}`
* `{{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import AppProfile using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}"
  to = google_bigtable_app_profile.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), AppProfile can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_bigtable_app_profile.default projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}
$ terraform import google_bigtable_app_profile.default {{project}}/{{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}
$ terraform import google_bigtable_app_profile.default {{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Bigtable: add data_boost_isolation_read_only support for the Data Boost feature. (#11138)
[upstream:cc890e7fedc695ecf781d9b69cb336f44d1b832f]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/bigtable_app_profile.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Bigtable"
description: |-
  App profile is a configuration object describing how Cloud Bigtable should treat traffic from a particular end user application.
---

# google_bigtable_app_profile

App profile is a configuration object describing how Cloud Bigtable should treat traffic from a particular end user application.


To get more information about AppProfile, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/reference/admin/rest/v2/projects.instances.appProfiles)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_anycluster&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Anycluster


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-a"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-2"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-3"
    zone         = "us-central1-c"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to any of the 3 clusters.
  multi_cluster_routing_use_any = true

  ignore_warnings               = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_singlecluster&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Singlecluster


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to the following cluster.
  single_cluster_routing {
    cluster_id                 = "cluster-1"
    allow_transactional_writes = true
  }

  ignore_warnings = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_multicluster&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Multicluster


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-a"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-2"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-3"
    zone         = "us-central1-c"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to the following 2 clusters.
  multi_cluster_routing_use_any = true
  multi_cluster_routing_cluster_ids = ["cluster-1", "cluster-2"]

  ignore_warnings               = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=bigtable_app_profile_priority&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Bigtable App Profile Priority


```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance" "instance" {
  name = "bt-instance"
  cluster {
    cluster_id   = "cluster-1"
    zone         = "us-central1-b"
    num_nodes    = 3
    storage_type = "HDD"
  }

  deletion_protection  = "true"
}

resource "google_bigtable_app_profile" "ap" {
  instance       = google_bigtable_instance.instance.name
  app_profile_id = "bt-profile"

  // Requests will be routed to the following cluster.
  single_cluster_routing {
    cluster_id                 = "cluster-1"
    allow_transactional_writes = true
  }

  standard_isolation {
    priority = "PRIORITY_LOW"
  }

  ignore_warnings = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `app_profile_id` -
  (Required)
  The unique name of the app profile in the form `[_a-zA-Z0-9][-_.a-zA-Z0-9]*`.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Long form description of the use case for this app profile.

* `multi_cluster_routing_use_any` -
  (Optional)
  If true, read/write requests are routed to the nearest cluster in the instance, and will fail over to the nearest cluster that is available
  in the event of transient errors or delays. Clusters in a region are considered equidistant. Choosing this option sacrifices read-your-writes
  consistency to improve availability.

* `single_cluster_routing` -
  (Optional)
  Use a single-cluster routing policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_single_cluster_routing).

* `standard_isolation` -
  (Optional)
  The standard options used for isolating this app profile's traffic from other use cases.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_standard_isolation).

* `data_boost_isolation_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies that this app profile is intended for read-only usage via the Data Boost feature.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_data_boost_isolation_read_only).

* `instance` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the instance to create the app profile within.

* `ignore_warnings` -
  (Optional)
  If true, ignore safety checks when deleting/updating the app profile.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_single_cluster_routing"></a>The `single_cluster_routing` block supports:

* `cluster_id` -
  (Required)
  The cluster to which read/write requests should be routed.

* `allow_transactional_writes` -
  (Optional)
  If true, CheckAndMutateRow and ReadModifyWriteRow requests are allowed by this app profile.
  It is unsafe to send these requests to the same table/row/column in multiple clusters.

<a name="nested_standard_isolation"></a>The `standard_isolation` block supports:

* `priority` -
  (Required)
  The priority of requests sent using this app profile.
  Possible values are: `PRIORITY_LOW`, `PRIORITY_MEDIUM`, `PRIORITY_HIGH`.

<a name="nested_data_boost_isolation_read_only"></a>The `data_boost_isolation_read_only` block supports:

* `compute_billing_owner` -
  (Required)
  The Compute Billing Owner for this Data Boost App Profile.
  Possible values are: `HOST_PAYS`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique name of the requested app profile. Values are of the form `projects/<project>/instances/<instance>/appProfiles/<appProfileId>`.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


AppProfile can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}`
* `{{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import AppProfile using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}"
  to = google_bigtable_app_profile.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), AppProfile can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_bigtable_app_profile.default projects/{{project}}/instances/{{instance}}/appProfiles/{{app_profile_id}}
$ terraform import google_bigtable_app_profile.default {{project}}/{{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}
$ terraform import google_bigtable_app_profile.default {{instance}}/{{app_profile_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
