website/docs/r/certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Certificate manager"
description: |-
  CertificateMapEntry is a list of certificate configurations,
  that have been issued for a particular hostname
---

# google\_certificate\_manager\_certificate\_map\_entry

CertificateMapEntry is a list of certificate configurations,
that have been issued for a particular hostname



<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Certificate Manager Certificate Map Entry Full


```hcl
resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate_map" "certificate_map" {
  name        = "cert-map-entry"
  description = "My acceptance test certificate map"
   labels      = {
    "terraform" : true,
    "acc-test"  : true,
  }
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry" "default" {
  name        = "cert-map-entry"
  description = "My acceptance test certificate map entry"
  map = google_certificate_manager_certificate_map.certificate_map.name 
  labels      = {
    "terraform" : true,
    "acc-test"  : true,
  }
  certificates = [google_certificate_manager_certificate.certificate.id]
  matcher = "PRIMARY"
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate" "certificate" {
  name        = "cert-map-entry"
  description = "The default cert"
  scope       = "DEFAULT"
  managed {
    domains = [
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance.domain,
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance2.domain,
      ]
    dns_authorizations = [
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance.id,
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance2.id,
      ]
  }
}


resource "google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization" "instance" {
  name        = "dns-auth"
  description = "The default dnss"
  domain      = "subdomain.hashicorptest.com"
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization" "instance2" {
  name        = "dns-auth2"
  description = "The default dnss"
  domain      = "subdomain2.hashicorptest.com"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `certificates` -
  (Required)
  A set of Certificates defines for the given hostname.
  There can be defined up to fifteen certificates in each Certificate Map Entry.
  Each certificate must match pattern projects/*/locations/*/certificates/*.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  A user-defined name of the Certificate Map Entry. Certificate Map Entry
  names must be unique globally and match pattern
  'projects/*/locations/*/certificateMaps/*/certificateMapEntries/*'

* `map` -
  (Required)
  A map entry that is inputted into the cetrificate map


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A human-readable description of the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Set of labels associated with a Certificate Map Entry.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `hostname` -
  (Optional)
  A Hostname (FQDN, e.g. example.com) or a wildcard hostname expression (*.example.com)
  for a set of hostnames with common suffix. Used as Server Name Indication (SNI) for
  selecting a proper certificate.

* `matcher` -
  (Optional)
  A predefined matcher for particular cases, other than SNI selection

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/certificateMaps/{{map}}/certificateMapEntries/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp of a Certificate Map Entry. Timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `update_time` -
  Update timestamp of a Certificate Map Entry. Timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `state` -
  A serving state of this Certificate Map Entry.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CertificateMapEntry can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/certificateMaps/{{map}}/certificateMapEntries/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.default {{project}}/{{map}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.default {{map}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Certificate manager"
description: |-
  CertificateMapEntry is a list of certificate configurations,
  that have been issued for a particular hostname
---

# google\_certificate\_manager\_certificate\_map\_entry

CertificateMapEntry is a list of certificate configurations,
that have been issued for a particular hostname



<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Certificate Manager Certificate Map Entry Full


```hcl
resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate_map" "certificate_map" {
  name        = "cert-map-entry"
  description = "My acceptance test certificate map"
   labels      = {
    "terraform" : true,
    "acc-test"  : true,
  }
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry" "default" {
  name        = "cert-map-entry"
  description = "My acceptance test certificate map entry"
  map = google_certificate_manager_certificate_map.certificate_map.name 
  labels      = {
    "terraform" : true,
    "acc-test"  : true,
  }
  certificates = [google_certificate_manager_certificate.certificate.id]
  matcher = "PRIMARY"
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate" "certificate" {
  name        = "cert-map-entry"
  description = "The default cert"
  scope       = "DEFAULT"
  managed {
    domains = [
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance.domain,
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance2.domain,
      ]
    dns_authorizations = [
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance.id,
      google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization.instance2.id,
      ]
  }
}


resource "google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization" "instance" {
  name        = "dns-auth"
  description = "The default dnss"
  domain      = "subdomain.hashicorptest.com"
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_dns_authorization" "instance2" {
  name        = "dns-auth2"
  description = "The default dnss"
  domain      = "subdomain2.hashicorptest.com"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `certificates` -
  (Required)
  A set of Certificates defines for the given hostname.
  There can be defined up to fifteen certificates in each Certificate Map Entry.
  Each certificate must match pattern projects/*/locations/*/certificates/*.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  A user-defined name of the Certificate Map Entry. Certificate Map Entry
  names must be unique globally and match pattern
  'projects/*/locations/*/certificateMaps/*/certificateMapEntries/*'

* `map` -
  (Required)
  A map entry that is inputted into the cetrificate map


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A human-readable description of the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Set of labels associated with a Certificate Map Entry.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `hostname` -
  (Optional)
  A Hostname (FQDN, e.g. example.com) or a wildcard hostname expression (*.example.com)
  for a set of hostnames with common suffix. Used as Server Name Indication (SNI) for
  selecting a proper certificate.

* `matcher` -
  (Optional)
  A predefined matcher for particular cases, other than SNI selection

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/certificateMaps/{{map}}/certificateMapEntries/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp of a Certificate Map Entry. Timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `update_time` -
  Update timestamp of a Certificate Map Entry. Timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `state` -
  A serving state of this Certificate Map Entry.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CertificateMapEntry can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/certificateMaps/{{map}}/certificateMapEntries/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.default {{project}}/{{map}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_map_entry.default {{map}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
