website/docs/r/certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Certificate manager"
description: |-
  Certificate represents a HTTP-reachable backend for a Certificate.
---

# google\_certificate\_manager\_certificate\_issuance\_config

Certificate represents a HTTP-reachable backend for a Certificate.


To get more information about CertificateIssuanceConfig, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/reference/certificate-manager/rest/v1/projects.locations.certificateIssuanceConfigs)
* How-to Guides
    * [Manage certificate issuance configs](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/issuance-configs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Certificate Manager Certificate Issuance Config


```hcl
resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config" "default" {
  name    = "issuance-config"
  description = "sample description for the certificate issuanceConfigs"
  certificate_authority_config {
    certificate_authority_service_config {
        ca_pool = google_privateca_ca_pool.pool.id
    }
  }
  lifetime = "1814400s"
  rotation_window_percentage = 34
  key_algorithm = "ECDSA_P256"
  labels = { "name": "wrench", "count": "3" }

  depends_on=[google_privateca_certificate_authority.ca_authority]
}
  
resource "google_privateca_ca_pool" "pool" {
  name     = "ca-pool"
  location = "us-central1"
  tier     = "ENTERPRISE"
}

resource "google_privateca_certificate_authority" "ca_authority" {
  location = "us-central1"
  pool = google_privateca_ca_pool.pool.name
  certificate_authority_id = "ca-authority"
  config {
    subject_config {
      subject {
        organization = "HashiCorp"
        common_name = "my-certificate-authority"
      }
      subject_alt_name {
        dns_names = ["hashicorp.com"]
      }
    }
    x509_config {
      ca_options {
        is_ca = true
      }
      key_usage {
        base_key_usage {
          cert_sign = true
          crl_sign = true
        }
        extended_key_usage {
          server_auth = true
        }
      }
    }
  }
  key_spec {
    algorithm = "RSA_PKCS1_4096_SHA256"
  }

  // Disable CA deletion related safe checks for easier cleanup.
  deletion_protection                    = false
  skip_grace_period                      = true
  ignore_active_certificates_on_deletion = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `rotation_window_percentage` -
  (Required)
  It specifies the percentage of elapsed time of the certificate lifetime to wait before renewing the certificate.
  Must be a number between 1-99, inclusive.
  You must set the rotation window percentage in relation to the certificate lifetime so that certificate renewal occurs at least 7 days after
  the certificate has been issued and at least 7 days before it expires.

* `key_algorithm` -
  (Required)
  Key algorithm to use when generating the private key.
  Possible values are: `RSA_2048`, `ECDSA_P256`.

* `lifetime` -
  (Required)
  Lifetime of issued certificates. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'.
  Example: "1814400s". Valid values are from 21 days (1814400s) to 30 days (2592000s)

* `certificate_authority_config` -
  (Required)
  The CA that issues the workload certificate. It includes the CA address, type, authentication to CA service, etc.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_certificate_authority_config).

* `name` -
  (Required)
  A user-defined name of the certificate issuance config.
  CertificateIssuanceConfig names must be unique globally.


<a name="nested_certificate_authority_config"></a>The `certificate_authority_config` block supports:

* `certificate_authority_service_config` -
  (Optional)
  Defines a CertificateAuthorityServiceConfig.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_certificate_authority_service_config).


<a name="nested_certificate_authority_service_config"></a>The `certificate_authority_service_config` block supports:

* `ca_pool` -
  (Required)
  A CA pool resource used to issue a certificate.
  The CA pool string has a relative resource path following the form
  "projects/{project}/locations/{location}/caPools/{caPool}".

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  One or more paragraphs of text description of a CertificateIssuanceConfig.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  'Set of label tags associated with the CertificateIssuanceConfig resource.
   An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "count": "3" }.

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The Certificate Manager location. If not specified, "global" is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/certificateIssuanceConfigs/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  The creation timestamp of a CertificateIssuanceConfig. Timestamp is in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  accurate to nanoseconds with up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `update_time` -
  The last update timestamp of a CertificateIssuanceConfig. Timestamp is in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  accurate to nanoseconds with up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CertificateIssuanceConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/certificateIssuanceConfigs/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Certificate manager"
description: |-
  Certificate represents a HTTP-reachable backend for a Certificate.
---

# google\_certificate\_manager\_certificate\_issuance\_config

Certificate represents a HTTP-reachable backend for a Certificate.


To get more information about CertificateIssuanceConfig, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/reference/certificate-manager/rest/v1/projects.locations.certificateIssuanceConfigs)
* How-to Guides
    * [Manage certificate issuance configs](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/issuance-configs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Certificate Manager Certificate Issuance Config


```hcl
resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config" "default" {
  name    = "issuance-config"
  description = "sample description for the certificate issuanceConfigs"
  certificate_authority_config {
    certificate_authority_service_config {
        ca_pool = google_privateca_ca_pool.pool.id
    }
  }
  lifetime = "1814400s"
  rotation_window_percentage = 34
  key_algorithm = "ECDSA_P256"
  labels = { "name": "wrench", "count": "3" }

  depends_on=[google_privateca_certificate_authority.ca_authority]
}
  
resource "google_privateca_ca_pool" "pool" {
  name     = "ca-pool"
  location = "us-central1"
  tier     = "ENTERPRISE"
}

resource "google_privateca_certificate_authority" "ca_authority" {
  location = "us-central1"
  pool = google_privateca_ca_pool.pool.name
  certificate_authority_id = "ca-authority"
  config {
    subject_config {
      subject {
        organization = "HashiCorp"
        common_name = "my-certificate-authority"
      }
      subject_alt_name {
        dns_names = ["hashicorp.com"]
      }
    }
    x509_config {
      ca_options {
        is_ca = true
      }
      key_usage {
        base_key_usage {
          cert_sign = true
          crl_sign = true
        }
        extended_key_usage {
          server_auth = true
        }
      }
    }
  }
  key_spec {
    algorithm = "RSA_PKCS1_4096_SHA256"
  }

  // Disable CA deletion related safe checks for easier cleanup.
  deletion_protection                    = false
  skip_grace_period                      = true
  ignore_active_certificates_on_deletion = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `rotation_window_percentage` -
  (Required)
  It specifies the percentage of elapsed time of the certificate lifetime to wait before renewing the certificate.
  Must be a number between 1-99, inclusive.
  You must set the rotation window percentage in relation to the certificate lifetime so that certificate renewal occurs at least 7 days after
  the certificate has been issued and at least 7 days before it expires.

* `key_algorithm` -
  (Required)
  Key algorithm to use when generating the private key.
  Possible values are: `RSA_2048`, `ECDSA_P256`.

* `lifetime` -
  (Required)
  Lifetime of issued certificates. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'.
  Example: "1814400s". Valid values are from 21 days (1814400s) to 30 days (2592000s)

* `certificate_authority_config` -
  (Required)
  The CA that issues the workload certificate. It includes the CA address, type, authentication to CA service, etc.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_certificate_authority_config).

* `name` -
  (Required)
  A user-defined name of the certificate issuance config.
  CertificateIssuanceConfig names must be unique globally.


<a name="nested_certificate_authority_config"></a>The `certificate_authority_config` block supports:

* `certificate_authority_service_config` -
  (Optional)
  Defines a CertificateAuthorityServiceConfig.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_certificate_authority_service_config).


<a name="nested_certificate_authority_service_config"></a>The `certificate_authority_service_config` block supports:

* `ca_pool` -
  (Required)
  A CA pool resource used to issue a certificate.
  The CA pool string has a relative resource path following the form
  "projects/{project}/locations/{location}/caPools/{caPool}".

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  One or more paragraphs of text description of a CertificateIssuanceConfig.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  'Set of label tags associated with the CertificateIssuanceConfig resource.
   An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "count": "3" }.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The Certificate Manager location. If not specified, "global" is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/certificateIssuanceConfigs/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  The creation timestamp of a CertificateIssuanceConfig. Timestamp is in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  accurate to nanoseconds with up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `update_time` -
  The last update timestamp of a CertificateIssuanceConfig. Timestamp is in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format,
  accurate to nanoseconds with up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CertificateIssuanceConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/certificateIssuanceConfigs/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_certificate_manager_certificate_issuance_config.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
