website/docs/r/cloud_run_domain_mapping.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Run"
description: |-
  Resource to hold the state and status of a user's domain mapping.
---

# google\_cloud\_run\_domain\_mapping

Resource to hold the state and status of a user's domain mapping.


To get more information about DomainMapping, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.domainmappings)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/mapping-custom-domains)

## Example Usage - Cloud Run Domain Mapping Basic


```hcl

resource "google_cloud_run_service" "default" {
  name     = "cloudrun-srv"
  location = "us-central1"

  metadata {
    namespace = "my-project-name"
  }

  template {
    spec {
      containers {
        image = "us-docker.pkg.dev/cloudrun/container/hello"
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "google_cloud_run_domain_mapping" "default" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "verified-domain.com"

  metadata {
    namespace = "my-project-name"
  }

  spec {
    route_name = google_cloud_run_service.default.name
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name should be a [verified](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/9008080) domain

* `spec` -
  (Required)
  The spec for this DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_spec).

* `metadata` -
  (Required)
  Metadata associated with this DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_metadata).

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location of the cloud run instance. eg us-central1


<a name="nested_spec"></a>The `spec` block supports:

* `force_override` -
  (Optional)
  If set, the mapping will override any mapping set before this spec was set.
  It is recommended that the user leaves this empty to receive an error
  warning about a potential conflict and only set it once the respective UI
  has given such a warning.

* `route_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Cloud Run Service that this DomainMapping applies to.
  The route must exist.

* `certificate_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The mode of the certificate.
  Default value is `AUTOMATIC`.
  Possible values are: `NONE`, `AUTOMATIC`.

<a name="nested_metadata"></a>The `metadata` block supports:

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize
  (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers
  and routes.
  More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels

* `generation` -
  (Output)
  A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.

* `resource_version` -
  (Output)
  An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that
  can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used
  for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a
  resource or set of resources. They may only be valid for a
  particular resource or set of resources.
  More info:
  https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency

* `self_link` -
  (Output)
  SelfLink is a URL representing this object.

* `uid` -
  (Output)
  UID is a unique id generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not
  allowed to change on PUT operations.
  More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

* `namespace` -
  (Required)
  In Cloud Run the namespace must be equal to either the
  project ID or project number.

* `annotations` -
  (Optional)
  Annotations is a key value map stored with a resource that
  may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. More
  info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
  **Note**: The Cloud Run API may add additional annotations that were not provided in your config.
  If terraform plan shows a diff where a server-side annotation is added, you can add it to your config
  or apply the lifecycle.ignore_changes rule to the metadata.0.annotations field.

- - -


* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `locations/{{location}}/namespaces/{{project}}/domainmappings/{{name}}`

* `status` -
  The current status of the DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_status).


<a name="nested_status"></a>The `status` block contains:

* `conditions` -
  (Output)
  Array of observed DomainMappingConditions, indicating the current state
  of the DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_conditions).

* `observed_generation` -
  (Output)
  ObservedGeneration is the 'Generation' of the DomainMapping that
  was last processed by the controller.

* `resource_records` -
  (Optional)
  The resource records required to configure this domain mapping. These
  records must be added to the domain's DNS configuration in order to
  serve the application via this domain mapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_resource_records).

* `mapped_route_name` -
  (Output)
  The name of the route that the mapping currently points to.


<a name="nested_conditions"></a>The `conditions` block contains:

* `message` -
  (Output)
  Human readable message indicating details about the current status.

* `status` -
  (Output)
  Status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.

* `reason` -
  (Output)
  One-word CamelCase reason for the condition's current status.

* `type` -
  (Output)
  Type of domain mapping condition.

<a name="nested_resource_records"></a>The `resource_records` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  Resource record type. Example: `AAAA`.
  Possible values are: `A`, `AAAA`, `CNAME`.

* `rrdata` -
  (Output)
  Data for this record. Values vary by record type, as defined in RFC 1035
  (section 5) and RFC 1034 (section 3.6.1).

* `name` -
  (Output)
  Relative name of the object affected by this record. Only applicable for
  `CNAME` records. Example: 'www'.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


DomainMapping can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloud_run_domain_mapping.default locations/{{location}}/namespaces/{{project}}/domainmappings/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_run_domain_mapping.default {{location}}/{{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_run_domain_mapping.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels state upgrader (#8996)
* Add state upgrader to migrate some resources with labels

* Address Comments

* Move DSF to state migration files

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/cloud_run_domain_mapping.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Run"
description: |-
  Resource to hold the state and status of a user's domain mapping.
---

# google\_cloud\_run\_domain\_mapping

Resource to hold the state and status of a user's domain mapping.


To get more information about DomainMapping, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.domainmappings)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/mapping-custom-domains)

## Example Usage - Cloud Run Domain Mapping Basic


```hcl

resource "google_cloud_run_service" "default" {
  name     = "cloudrun-srv"
  location = "us-central1"

  metadata {
    namespace = "my-project-name"
  }

  template {
    spec {
      containers {
        image = "us-docker.pkg.dev/cloudrun/container/hello"
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "google_cloud_run_domain_mapping" "default" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "verified-domain.com"

  metadata {
    namespace = "my-project-name"
  }

  spec {
    route_name = google_cloud_run_service.default.name
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name should be a [verified](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/9008080) domain

* `spec` -
  (Required)
  The spec for this DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_spec).

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location of the cloud run instance. eg us-central1


<a name="nested_spec"></a>The `spec` block supports:

* `force_override` -
  (Optional)
  If set, the mapping will override any mapping set before this spec was set.
  It is recommended that the user leaves this empty to receive an error
  warning about a potential conflict and only set it once the respective UI
  has given such a warning.

* `route_name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Cloud Run Service that this DomainMapping applies to.
  The route must exist.

* `certificate_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The mode of the certificate.
  Default value is `AUTOMATIC`.
  Possible values are: `NONE`, `AUTOMATIC`.

- - -


* `metadata` -
  (Optional)
  Metadata associated with this DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_metadata).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_metadata"></a>The `metadata` block supports:

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize
  (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers
  and routes.
  More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels

* `generation` -
  (Output)
  A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.

* `resource_version` -
  (Output)
  An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that
  can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used
  for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a
  resource or set of resources. They may only be valid for a
  particular resource or set of resources.
  More info:
  https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency

* `self_link` -
  (Output)
  SelfLink is a URL representing this object.

* `uid` -
  (Output)
  UID is a unique id generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not
  allowed to change on PUT operations.
  More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

* `namespace` -
  (Required)
  In Cloud Run the namespace must be equal to either the
  project ID or project number.

* `annotations` -
  (Optional)
  Annotations is a key value map stored with a resource that
  may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. More
  info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
  **Note**: The Cloud Run API may add additional annotations that were not provided in your config.
  If terraform plan shows a diff where a server-side annotation is added, you can add it to your config
  or apply the lifecycle.ignore_changes rule to the metadata.0.annotations field.

* `terraform_labels` -
  (Output)
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  (Output)
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.

* `effective_annotations` -
  (Output)
  All of annotations (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the annotations configured through Terraform, other clients and services.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `locations/{{location}}/namespaces/{{project}}/domainmappings/{{name}}`

* `status` -
  The current status of the DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_status).


<a name="nested_status"></a>The `status` block contains:

* `conditions` -
  (Output)
  Array of observed DomainMappingConditions, indicating the current state
  of the DomainMapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_conditions).

* `observed_generation` -
  (Output)
  ObservedGeneration is the 'Generation' of the DomainMapping that
  was last processed by the controller.

* `resource_records` -
  (Optional)
  The resource records required to configure this domain mapping. These
  records must be added to the domain's DNS configuration in order to
  serve the application via this domain mapping.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_resource_records).

* `mapped_route_name` -
  (Output)
  The name of the route that the mapping currently points to.


<a name="nested_conditions"></a>The `conditions` block contains:

* `message` -
  (Output)
  Human readable message indicating details about the current status.

* `status` -
  (Output)
  Status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.

* `reason` -
  (Output)
  One-word CamelCase reason for the condition's current status.

* `type` -
  (Output)
  Type of domain mapping condition.

<a name="nested_resource_records"></a>The `resource_records` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  Resource record type. Example: `AAAA`.
  Possible values are: `A`, `AAAA`, `CNAME`.

* `rrdata` -
  (Output)
  Data for this record. Values vary by record type, as defined in RFC 1035
  (section 5) and RFC 1034 (section 3.6.1).

* `name` -
  (Output)
  Relative name of the object affected by this record. Only applicable for
  `CNAME` records. Example: 'www'.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


DomainMapping can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloud_run_domain_mapping.default locations/{{location}}/namespaces/{{project}}/domainmappings/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_run_domain_mapping.default {{location}}/{{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_run_domain_mapping.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
