website/docs/r/cloudiot_device.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud IoT Core"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud IoT Core device.
---

# google\_cloudiot\_device

A Google Cloud IoT Core device.


To get more information about Device, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/reference/cloudiot/rest/)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/)

## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Basic


```hcl
resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device-registry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_device" "test-device" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device"
  registry = google_cloudiot_registry.registry.id
}
```
## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Full


```hcl
resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device-registry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_device" "test-device" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device"
  registry = google_cloudiot_registry.registry.id

  credentials {
    public_key {
        format = "RSA_PEM"
        key = file("test-fixtures/rsa_public.pem")
    }
  }

  blocked = false

  log_level = "INFO"

  metadata = {
    test_key_1 = "test_value_1"
  }

  gateway_config {
    gateway_type = "NON_GATEWAY"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  A unique name for the resource.

* `registry` -
  (Required)
  The name of the device registry where this device should be created.


- - -


* `credentials` -
  (Optional)
  The credentials used to authenticate this device.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_credentials).

* `blocked` -
  (Optional)
  If a device is blocked, connections or requests from this device will fail.

* `log_level` -
  (Optional)
  The logging verbosity for device activity.
  Possible values are: `NONE`, `ERROR`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`.

* `metadata` -
  (Optional)
  The metadata key-value pairs assigned to the device.

* `gateway_config` -
  (Optional)
  Gateway-related configuration and state.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gateway_config).


<a name="nested_credentials"></a>The `credentials` block supports:

* `expiration_time` -
  (Optional)
  The time at which this credential becomes invalid.

* `public_key` -
  (Required)
  A public key used to verify the signature of JSON Web Tokens (JWTs).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_public_key).


<a name="nested_public_key"></a>The `public_key` block supports:

* `format` -
  (Required)
  The format of the key.
  Possible values are: `RSA_PEM`, `RSA_X509_PEM`, `ES256_PEM`, `ES256_X509_PEM`.

* `key` -
  (Required)
  The key data.

<a name="nested_gateway_config"></a>The `gateway_config` block supports:

* `gateway_type` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates whether the device is a gateway.
  Default value is `NON_GATEWAY`.
  Possible values are: `GATEWAY`, `NON_GATEWAY`.

* `gateway_auth_method` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates whether the device is a gateway.
  Possible values are: `ASSOCIATION_ONLY`, `DEVICE_AUTH_TOKEN_ONLY`, `ASSOCIATION_AND_DEVICE_AUTH_TOKEN`.

* `last_accessed_gateway_id` -
  (Output)
  The ID of the gateway the device accessed most recently.

* `last_accessed_gateway_time` -
  (Output)
  The most recent time at which the device accessed the gateway specified in last_accessed_gateway.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{registry}}/devices/{{name}}`

* `num_id` -
  A server-defined unique numeric ID for the device.
  This is a more compact way to identify devices, and it is globally unique.

* `last_heartbeat_time` -
  The last time an MQTT PINGREQ was received.

* `last_event_time` -
  The last time a telemetry event was received.

* `last_state_time` -
  The last time a state event was received.

* `last_config_ack_time` -
  The last time a cloud-to-device config version acknowledgment was received from the device.

* `last_config_send_time` -
  The last time a cloud-to-device config version was sent to the device.

* `last_error_time` -
  The time the most recent error occurred, such as a failure to publish to Cloud Pub/Sub.

* `last_error_status` -
  The error message of the most recent error, such as a failure to publish to Cloud Pub/Sub.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_last_error_status).

* `config` -
  The most recent device configuration, which is eventually sent from Cloud IoT Core to the device.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_config).

* `state` -
  The state most recently received from the device.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).


<a name="nested_last_error_status"></a>The `last_error_status` block contains:

* `number` -
  (Optional)
  The status code, which should be an enum value of google.rpc.Code.

* `message` -
  (Optional)
  A developer-facing error message, which should be in English.

* `details` -
  (Optional)
  A list of messages that carry the error details.

<a name="nested_config"></a>The `config` block contains:

* `version` -
  (Output)
  The version of this update.

* `cloud_update_time` -
  (Output)
  The time at which this configuration version was updated in Cloud IoT Core.

* `device_ack_time` -
  (Output)
  The time at which Cloud IoT Core received the acknowledgment from the device,
  indicating that the device has received this configuration version.

* `binary_data` -
  (Optional)
  The device configuration data.

<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `update_time` -
  (Optional)
  The time at which this state version was updated in Cloud IoT Core.

* `binary_data` -
  (Optional)
  The device state data.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Device can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_device.default {{registry}}/devices/{{name}}
```

Commit message:

Add deprecation messages for cloudiot resources (#8870) (#6213)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/cloudiot_device.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud IoT Core"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud IoT Core device.
---

# google\_cloudiot\_device
~> **Warning:** `google_cloudiot_device` is deprecated in the API. This resource will be removed in the next major release of the provider.

A Google Cloud IoT Core device.


To get more information about Device, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/reference/cloudiot/rest/)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/)

## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Basic


```hcl
resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device-registry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_device" "test-device" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device"
  registry = google_cloudiot_registry.registry.id
}
```
## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Full


```hcl
resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device-registry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_device" "test-device" {
  name     = "cloudiot-device"
  registry = google_cloudiot_registry.registry.id

  credentials {
    public_key {
        format = "RSA_PEM"
        key = file("test-fixtures/rsa_public.pem")
    }
  }

  blocked = false

  log_level = "INFO"

  metadata = {
    test_key_1 = "test_value_1"
  }

  gateway_config {
    gateway_type = "NON_GATEWAY"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  A unique name for the resource.

* `registry` -
  (Required)
  The name of the device registry where this device should be created.


- - -


* `credentials` -
  (Optional)
  The credentials used to authenticate this device.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_credentials).

* `blocked` -
  (Optional)
  If a device is blocked, connections or requests from this device will fail.

* `log_level` -
  (Optional)
  The logging verbosity for device activity.
  Possible values are: `NONE`, `ERROR`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`.

* `metadata` -
  (Optional)
  The metadata key-value pairs assigned to the device.

* `gateway_config` -
  (Optional)
  Gateway-related configuration and state.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gateway_config).


<a name="nested_credentials"></a>The `credentials` block supports:

* `expiration_time` -
  (Optional)
  The time at which this credential becomes invalid.

* `public_key` -
  (Required)
  A public key used to verify the signature of JSON Web Tokens (JWTs).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_public_key).


<a name="nested_public_key"></a>The `public_key` block supports:

* `format` -
  (Required)
  The format of the key.
  Possible values are: `RSA_PEM`, `RSA_X509_PEM`, `ES256_PEM`, `ES256_X509_PEM`.

* `key` -
  (Required)
  The key data.

<a name="nested_gateway_config"></a>The `gateway_config` block supports:

* `gateway_type` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates whether the device is a gateway.
  Default value is `NON_GATEWAY`.
  Possible values are: `GATEWAY`, `NON_GATEWAY`.

* `gateway_auth_method` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates whether the device is a gateway.
  Possible values are: `ASSOCIATION_ONLY`, `DEVICE_AUTH_TOKEN_ONLY`, `ASSOCIATION_AND_DEVICE_AUTH_TOKEN`.

* `last_accessed_gateway_id` -
  (Output)
  The ID of the gateway the device accessed most recently.

* `last_accessed_gateway_time` -
  (Output)
  The most recent time at which the device accessed the gateway specified in last_accessed_gateway.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{registry}}/devices/{{name}}`

* `num_id` -
  A server-defined unique numeric ID for the device.
  This is a more compact way to identify devices, and it is globally unique.

* `last_heartbeat_time` -
  The last time an MQTT PINGREQ was received.

* `last_event_time` -
  The last time a telemetry event was received.

* `last_state_time` -
  The last time a state event was received.

* `last_config_ack_time` -
  The last time a cloud-to-device config version acknowledgment was received from the device.

* `last_config_send_time` -
  The last time a cloud-to-device config version was sent to the device.

* `last_error_time` -
  The time the most recent error occurred, such as a failure to publish to Cloud Pub/Sub.

* `last_error_status` -
  The error message of the most recent error, such as a failure to publish to Cloud Pub/Sub.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_last_error_status).

* `config` -
  The most recent device configuration, which is eventually sent from Cloud IoT Core to the device.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_config).

* `state` -
  The state most recently received from the device.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).


<a name="nested_last_error_status"></a>The `last_error_status` block contains:

* `number` -
  (Optional)
  The status code, which should be an enum value of google.rpc.Code.

* `message` -
  (Optional)
  A developer-facing error message, which should be in English.

* `details` -
  (Optional)
  A list of messages that carry the error details.

<a name="nested_config"></a>The `config` block contains:

* `version` -
  (Output)
  The version of this update.

* `cloud_update_time` -
  (Output)
  The time at which this configuration version was updated in Cloud IoT Core.

* `device_ack_time` -
  (Output)
  The time at which Cloud IoT Core received the acknowledgment from the device,
  indicating that the device has received this configuration version.

* `binary_data` -
  (Optional)
  The device configuration data.

<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `update_time` -
  (Optional)
  The time at which this state version was updated in Cloud IoT Core.

* `binary_data` -
  (Optional)
  The device state data.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Device can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_device.default {{registry}}/devices/{{name}}
```
