website/docs/r/cloudiot_registry.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud IoT Core"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud IoT Core device registry.
---

# google\_cloudiot\_registry

A Google Cloud IoT Core device registry.


To get more information about DeviceRegistry, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/reference/cloudiot/rest/)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/)

## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Registry Basic


```hcl
resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "test-registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-registry"
}
```
## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Registry Single Event Notification Configs


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "default-telemetry" {
  name = "default-telemetry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "test-registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-registry"

  event_notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.default-telemetry.id
    subfolder_matches = ""
  }

}
```
## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Registry Full


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "default-devicestatus" {
  name = "default-devicestatus"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "default-telemetry" {
  name = "default-telemetry"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "additional-telemetry" {
  name = "additional-telemetry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "test-registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-registry"

  event_notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.additional-telemetry.id
    subfolder_matches = "test/path"
  }

  event_notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.default-telemetry.id
    subfolder_matches = ""
  }

  state_notification_config = {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.default-devicestatus.id
  }

  mqtt_config = {
    mqtt_enabled_state = "MQTT_ENABLED"
  }

  http_config = {
    http_enabled_state = "HTTP_ENABLED"
  }

  log_level = "INFO"

  credentials {
    public_key_certificate = {
      format      = "X509_CERTIFICATE_PEM"
      certificate = file("test-fixtures/rsa_cert.pem")
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  A unique name for the resource, required by device registry.


- - -


* `event_notification_configs` -
  (Optional)
  List of configurations for event notifications, such as PubSub topics
  to publish device events to.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_event_notification_configs).

* `log_level` -
  (Optional)
  The default logging verbosity for activity from devices in this
  registry. Specifies which events should be written to logs. For
  example, if the LogLevel is ERROR, only events that terminate in
  errors will be logged. LogLevel is inclusive; enabling INFO logging
  will also enable ERROR logging.
  Default value is `NONE`.
  Possible values are: `NONE`, `ERROR`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region in which the created registry should reside.
  If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `state_notification_config` - A PubSub topic to publish device state updates.
  The structure is documented below.

* `mqtt_config` - Activate or deactivate MQTT.
  The structure is documented below.

* `http_config` - Activate or deactivate HTTP.
  The structure is documented below.

* `credentials` - List of public key certificates to authenticate devices.
  The structure is documented below.

The `state_notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic_name` - PubSub topic name to publish device state updates.

The `mqtt_config` block supports:

* `mqtt_enabled_state` - The field allows `MQTT_ENABLED` or `MQTT_DISABLED`.

The `http_config` block supports:

* `http_enabled_state` - The field allows `HTTP_ENABLED` or `HTTP_DISABLED`.

The `credentials` block supports:

* `public_key_certificate` - A public key certificate format and data.

The `public_key_certificate` block supports:

* `format` - The field allows only `X509_CERTIFICATE_PEM`.

* `certificate` - The certificate data.

<a name="nested_event_notification_configs"></a>The `event_notification_configs` block supports:

* `subfolder_matches` -
  (Optional)
  If the subfolder name matches this string exactly, this
  configuration will be used. The string must not include the
  leading '/' character. If empty, all strings are matched. Empty
  value can only be used for the last `event_notification_configs`
  item.

* `pubsub_topic_name` -
  (Required)
  PubSub topic name to publish device events.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/registries/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


DeviceRegistry can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{project}}/locations/{{region}}/registries/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Add deprecation messages for cloudiot resources (#8870) (#6213)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/cloudiot_registry.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud IoT Core"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud IoT Core device registry.
---

# google\_cloudiot\_registry
~> **Warning:** `google_cloudiot_registry` is deprecated in the API. This resource will be removed in the next major release of the provider.

A Google Cloud IoT Core device registry.


To get more information about DeviceRegistry, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/reference/cloudiot/rest/)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/)

## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Registry Basic


```hcl
resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "test-registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-registry"
}
```
## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Registry Single Event Notification Configs


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "default-telemetry" {
  name = "default-telemetry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "test-registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-registry"

  event_notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.default-telemetry.id
    subfolder_matches = ""
  }

}
```
## Example Usage - Cloudiot Device Registry Full


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "default-devicestatus" {
  name = "default-devicestatus"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "default-telemetry" {
  name = "default-telemetry"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "additional-telemetry" {
  name = "additional-telemetry"
}

resource "google_cloudiot_registry" "test-registry" {
  name     = "cloudiot-registry"

  event_notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.additional-telemetry.id
    subfolder_matches = "test/path"
  }

  event_notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.default-telemetry.id
    subfolder_matches = ""
  }

  state_notification_config = {
    pubsub_topic_name = google_pubsub_topic.default-devicestatus.id
  }

  mqtt_config = {
    mqtt_enabled_state = "MQTT_ENABLED"
  }

  http_config = {
    http_enabled_state = "HTTP_ENABLED"
  }

  log_level = "INFO"

  credentials {
    public_key_certificate = {
      format      = "X509_CERTIFICATE_PEM"
      certificate = file("test-fixtures/rsa_cert.pem")
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  A unique name for the resource, required by device registry.


- - -


* `event_notification_configs` -
  (Optional)
  List of configurations for event notifications, such as PubSub topics
  to publish device events to.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_event_notification_configs).

* `log_level` -
  (Optional)
  The default logging verbosity for activity from devices in this
  registry. Specifies which events should be written to logs. For
  example, if the LogLevel is ERROR, only events that terminate in
  errors will be logged. LogLevel is inclusive; enabling INFO logging
  will also enable ERROR logging.
  Default value is `NONE`.
  Possible values are: `NONE`, `ERROR`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region in which the created registry should reside.
  If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `state_notification_config` - A PubSub topic to publish device state updates.
  The structure is documented below.

* `mqtt_config` - Activate or deactivate MQTT.
  The structure is documented below.

* `http_config` - Activate or deactivate HTTP.
  The structure is documented below.

* `credentials` - List of public key certificates to authenticate devices.
  The structure is documented below.

The `state_notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic_name` - PubSub topic name to publish device state updates.

The `mqtt_config` block supports:

* `mqtt_enabled_state` - The field allows `MQTT_ENABLED` or `MQTT_DISABLED`.

The `http_config` block supports:

* `http_enabled_state` - The field allows `HTTP_ENABLED` or `HTTP_DISABLED`.

The `credentials` block supports:

* `public_key_certificate` - A public key certificate format and data.

The `public_key_certificate` block supports:

* `format` - The field allows only `X509_CERTIFICATE_PEM`.

* `certificate` - The certificate data.

<a name="nested_event_notification_configs"></a>The `event_notification_configs` block supports:

* `subfolder_matches` -
  (Optional)
  If the subfolder name matches this string exactly, this
  configuration will be used. The string must not include the
  leading '/' character. If empty, all strings are matched. Empty
  value can only be used for the last `event_notification_configs`
  item.

* `pubsub_topic_name` -
  (Required)
  PubSub topic name to publish device events.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/registries/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


DeviceRegistry can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{project}}/locations/{{region}}/registries/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudiot_registry.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
