website/docs/r/compute_disk.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
  the physical disks in a desktop or a server.
---

# google\_compute\_disk

Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
the physical disks in a desktop or a server. Compute Engine manages the
hardware behind these devices to ensure data redundancy and optimize
performance for you. Persistent disks are available as either standard
hard disk drives (HDD) or solid-state drives (SSD).

Persistent disks are located independently from your virtual machine
instances, so you can detach or move persistent disks to keep your data
even after you delete your instances. Persistent disk performance scales
automatically with size, so you can resize your existing persistent disks
or add more persistent disks to an instance to meet your performance and
storage space requirements.

Add a persistent disk to your instance when you need reliable and
affordable storage with consistent performance characteristics.


To get more information about Disk, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/v1/disks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Adding a persistent disk](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/add-persistent-disk)

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `disk_encryption_key.raw_key`, `disk_encryption_key.rsa_encrypted_key`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=disk_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Disk Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk" "default" {
  name  = "test-disk"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"
  image = "debian-11-bullseye-v20220719"
  labels = {
    environment = "dev"
  }
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=disk_async&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Disk Async


```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk" "primary" {
  name  = "async-test-disk"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"

  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}

resource "google_compute_disk" "secondary" {
  name  = "async-secondary-test-disk"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-east1-c"

  async_primary_disk {
    disk = google_compute_disk.primary.id
  }

  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=disk_features&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Disk Features


```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk" "default" {
  name  = "test-disk-features"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"
  labels = {
    environment = "dev"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "SECURE_BOOT"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "MULTI_IP_SUBNET"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "WINDOWS"
  }

  licenses = ["https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/windows-cloud/global/licenses/windows-server-core"]

  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this disk.  A list of key->value pairs.

* `size` -
  (Optional)
  Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this
  field when creating a persistent disk using the `image` or
  `snapshot` parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty
  persistent disk.
  If you specify this field along with `image` or `snapshot`,
  the value must not be less than the size of the image
  or the size of the snapshot.
  ~>**NOTE** If you change the size, Terraform updates the disk size
  if upsizing is detected but recreates the disk if downsizing is requested.
  You can add `lifecycle.prevent_destroy` in the config to prevent destroying
  and recreating.

* `physical_block_size_bytes` -
  (Optional)
  Physical block size of the persistent disk, in bytes. If not present
  in a request, a default value is used. Currently supported sizes
  are 4096 and 16384, other sizes may be added in the future.
  If an unsupported value is requested, the error message will list
  the supported values for the caller's project.

* `interface` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Specifies the disk interface to use for attaching this disk, which is either SCSI or NVME. The default is SCSI.

* `source_disk` -
  (Optional)
  The source disk used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource.
  For example, the following are valid values:
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * regions/{region}/disks/{disk}

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  URL of the disk type resource describing which disk type to use to
  create the disk. Provide this when creating the disk.

* `image` -
  (Optional)
  The image from which to initialize this disk. This can be
  one of: the image's `self_link`, `projects/{project}/global/images/{image}`,
  `projects/{project}/global/images/family/{family}`, `global/images/{image}`,
  `global/images/family/{family}`, `family/{family}`, `{project}/{family}`,
  `{project}/{image}`, `{family}`, or `{image}`. If referred by family, the
  images names must include the family name. If they don't, use the
  [google_compute_image data source](/docs/providers/google/d/compute_image.html).
  For instance, the image `centos-6-v20180104` includes its family name `centos-6`.
  These images can be referred by family name here.

* `resource_policies` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Resource policies applied to this disk for automatic snapshot creations.
  ~>**NOTE** This value does not support updating the
  resource policy, as resource policies can not be updated more than
  one at a time. Use
  [`google_compute_disk_resource_policy_attachment`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_disk_resource_policy_attachment)
  to allow for updating the resource policy attached to the disk.

* `enable_confidential_compute` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Whether this disk is using confidential compute mode.
  Note: Only supported on hyperdisk skus, disk_encryption_key is required when setting to true

* `multi_writer` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Indicates whether or not the disk can be read/write attached to more than one instance.

* `provisioned_iops` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates how many IOPS must be provisioned for the disk.
  Note: Updating currently is only supported by hyperdisk skus without the need to delete and recreate the disk, hyperdisk
  allows for an update of IOPS every 4 hours. To update your hyperdisk more frequently, you'll need to manually delete and recreate it

* `provisioned_throughput` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates how much Throughput must be provisioned for the disk.
  Note: Updating currently is only supported by hyperdisk skus without the need to delete and recreate the disk, hyperdisk
  allows for an update of Throughput every 4 hours. To update your hyperdisk more frequently, you'll need to manually delete and recreate it

* `async_primary_disk` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_async_primary_disk).

* `guest_os_features` -
  (Optional)
  A list of features to enable on the guest operating system.
  Applicable only for bootable disks.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_guest_os_features).

* `licenses` -
  (Optional)
  Any applicable license URI.

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the zone where the disk resides.

* `source_image_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  The customer-supplied encryption key of the source image. Required if
  the source image is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_image_encryption_key).

* `disk_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  Encrypts the disk using a customer-supplied encryption key.
  After you encrypt a disk with a customer-supplied key, you must
  provide the same key if you use the disk later (e.g. to create a disk
  snapshot or an image, or to attach the disk to a virtual machine).
  Customer-supplied encryption keys do not protect access to metadata of
  the disk.
  If you do not provide an encryption key when creating the disk, then
  the disk will be encrypted using an automatically generated key and
  you do not need to provide a key to use the disk later.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_disk_encryption_key).

* `snapshot` -
  (Optional)
  The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as
  a partial or full URL to the resource. If the snapshot is in another
  project than this disk, you must supply a full URL. For example, the
  following are valid values:
  * `https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `snapshot`

* `source_snapshot_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required
  if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption
  key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_async_primary_disk"></a>The `async_primary_disk` block supports:

* `disk` -
  (Required)
  Primary disk for asynchronous disk replication.

<a name="nested_guest_os_features"></a>The `guest_os_features` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of supported feature. Read [Enabling guest operating system features](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/create-delete-deprecate-private-images#guest-os-features) to see a list of available options.
  Possible values are: `MULTI_IP_SUBNET`, `SECURE_BOOT`, `SEV_CAPABLE`, `UEFI_COMPATIBLE`, `VIRTIO_SCSI_MULTIQUEUE`, `WINDOWS`, `GVNIC`, `SEV_LIVE_MIGRATABLE`, `SEV_SNP_CAPABLE`, `SUSPEND_RESUME_COMPATIBLE`, `TDX_CAPABLE`.

<a name="nested_source_image_encryption_key"></a>The `source_image_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_self_link` -
  (Optional)
  The self link of the encryption key used to encrypt the disk. Also called KmsKeyName
  in the cloud console. Your project's Compute Engine System service account
  (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@compute-system.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have
  `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature.
  See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-managed-encryption#encrypt_a_new_persistent_disk_with_your_own_keys

* `kms_key_service_account` -
  (Optional)
  The service account used for the encryption request for the given KMS key.
  If absent, the Compute Engine Service Agent service account is used.

<a name="nested_disk_encryption_key"></a>The `disk_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `rsa_encrypted_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies an RFC 4648 base64 encoded, RSA-wrapped 2048-bit
  customer-supplied encryption key to either encrypt or decrypt
  this resource. You can provide either the rawKey or the rsaEncryptedKey.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_self_link` -
  (Optional)
  The self link of the encryption key used to encrypt the disk. Also called KmsKeyName
  in the cloud console. Your project's Compute Engine System service account
  (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@compute-system.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have
  `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature.
  See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-managed-encryption#encrypt_a_new_persistent_disk_with_your_own_keys

* `kms_key_service_account` -
  (Optional)
  The service account used for the encryption request for the given KMS key.
  If absent, the Compute Engine Service Agent service account is used.

<a name="nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key"></a>The `source_snapshot_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.

* `kms_key_self_link` -
  (Optional)
  The self link of the encryption key used to encrypt the disk. Also called KmsKeyName
  in the cloud console. Your project's Compute Engine System service account
  (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@compute-system.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have
  `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature.
  See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-managed-encryption#encrypt_a_new_persistent_disk_with_your_own_keys

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_service_account` -
  (Optional)
  The service account used for the encryption request for the given KMS key.
  If absent, the Compute Engine Service Agent service account is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/disks/{{name}}`

* `label_fingerprint` -
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_attach_timestamp` -
  Last attach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_detach_timestamp` -
  Last detach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `users` -
  Links to the users of the disk (attached instances) in form:
  project/zones/zone/instances/instance

* `source_disk_id` -
  The ID value of the disk used to create this image. This value may
  be used to determine whether the image was taken from the current
  or a previous instance of a given disk name.

* `source_image_id` -
  The ID value of the image used to create this disk. This value
  identifies the exact image that was used to create this persistent
  disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from an image
  that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source
  image ID would identify the exact version of the image that was used.

* `source_snapshot_id` -
  The unique ID of the snapshot used to create this disk. This value
  identifies the exact snapshot that was used to create this persistent
  disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from a snapshot
  that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source
  snapshot ID would identify the exact version of the snapshot that was
  used.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Disk can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/disks/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default {{zone}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Improve deprecation_message behavior (#8696) (#6114)
* Added support for resource-level deprecation messages

* Display field deprecation message in docs

* Corrected strings

* Corrected deprecation marker output in docs for beta fields

* Cleaned up diff / docs slightly

* Corrected callout block for deprecated fields

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_disk.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
  the physical disks in a desktop or a server.
---

# google\_compute\_disk

Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
the physical disks in a desktop or a server. Compute Engine manages the
hardware behind these devices to ensure data redundancy and optimize
performance for you. Persistent disks are available as either standard
hard disk drives (HDD) or solid-state drives (SSD).

Persistent disks are located independently from your virtual machine
instances, so you can detach or move persistent disks to keep your data
even after you delete your instances. Persistent disk performance scales
automatically with size, so you can resize your existing persistent disks
or add more persistent disks to an instance to meet your performance and
storage space requirements.

Add a persistent disk to your instance when you need reliable and
affordable storage with consistent performance characteristics.


To get more information about Disk, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/v1/disks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Adding a persistent disk](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/add-persistent-disk)

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `disk_encryption_key.raw_key`, `disk_encryption_key.rsa_encrypted_key`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=disk_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Disk Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk" "default" {
  name  = "test-disk"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"
  image = "debian-11-bullseye-v20220719"
  labels = {
    environment = "dev"
  }
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=disk_async&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Disk Async


```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk" "primary" {
  name  = "async-test-disk"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"

  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}

resource "google_compute_disk" "secondary" {
  name  = "async-secondary-test-disk"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-east1-c"

  async_primary_disk {
    disk = google_compute_disk.primary.id
  }

  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=disk_features&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Disk Features


```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk" "default" {
  name  = "test-disk-features"
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"
  labels = {
    environment = "dev"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "SECURE_BOOT"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "MULTI_IP_SUBNET"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "WINDOWS"
  }

  licenses = ["https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/windows-cloud/global/licenses/windows-server-core"]

  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this disk.  A list of key->value pairs.

* `size` -
  (Optional)
  Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this
  field when creating a persistent disk using the `image` or
  `snapshot` parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty
  persistent disk.
  If you specify this field along with `image` or `snapshot`,
  the value must not be less than the size of the image
  or the size of the snapshot.
  ~>**NOTE** If you change the size, Terraform updates the disk size
  if upsizing is detected but recreates the disk if downsizing is requested.
  You can add `lifecycle.prevent_destroy` in the config to prevent destroying
  and recreating.

* `physical_block_size_bytes` -
  (Optional)
  Physical block size of the persistent disk, in bytes. If not present
  in a request, a default value is used. Currently supported sizes
  are 4096 and 16384, other sizes may be added in the future.
  If an unsupported value is requested, the error message will list
  the supported values for the caller's project.

* `interface` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html), Deprecated)
  Specifies the disk interface to use for attaching this disk, which is either SCSI or NVME. The default is SCSI.

  ~> **Warning:** `interface` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. This field is no longer used and can be safely removed from your configurations; disk interfaces are automatically determined on attachment.

* `source_disk` -
  (Optional)
  The source disk used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource.
  For example, the following are valid values:
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * regions/{region}/disks/{disk}

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  URL of the disk type resource describing which disk type to use to
  create the disk. Provide this when creating the disk.

* `image` -
  (Optional)
  The image from which to initialize this disk. This can be
  one of: the image's `self_link`, `projects/{project}/global/images/{image}`,
  `projects/{project}/global/images/family/{family}`, `global/images/{image}`,
  `global/images/family/{family}`, `family/{family}`, `{project}/{family}`,
  `{project}/{image}`, `{family}`, or `{image}`. If referred by family, the
  images names must include the family name. If they don't, use the
  [google_compute_image data source](/docs/providers/google/d/compute_image.html).
  For instance, the image `centos-6-v20180104` includes its family name `centos-6`.
  These images can be referred by family name here.

* `resource_policies` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Resource policies applied to this disk for automatic snapshot creations.
  ~>**NOTE** This value does not support updating the
  resource policy, as resource policies can not be updated more than
  one at a time. Use
  [`google_compute_disk_resource_policy_attachment`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_disk_resource_policy_attachment)
  to allow for updating the resource policy attached to the disk.

* `enable_confidential_compute` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Whether this disk is using confidential compute mode.
  Note: Only supported on hyperdisk skus, disk_encryption_key is required when setting to true

* `multi_writer` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Indicates whether or not the disk can be read/write attached to more than one instance.

* `provisioned_iops` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates how many IOPS must be provisioned for the disk.
  Note: Updating currently is only supported by hyperdisk skus without the need to delete and recreate the disk, hyperdisk
  allows for an update of IOPS every 4 hours. To update your hyperdisk more frequently, you'll need to manually delete and recreate it

* `provisioned_throughput` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates how much Throughput must be provisioned for the disk.
  Note: Updating currently is only supported by hyperdisk skus without the need to delete and recreate the disk, hyperdisk
  allows for an update of Throughput every 4 hours. To update your hyperdisk more frequently, you'll need to manually delete and recreate it

* `async_primary_disk` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_async_primary_disk).

* `guest_os_features` -
  (Optional)
  A list of features to enable on the guest operating system.
  Applicable only for bootable disks.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_guest_os_features).

* `licenses` -
  (Optional)
  Any applicable license URI.

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the zone where the disk resides.

* `source_image_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  The customer-supplied encryption key of the source image. Required if
  the source image is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_image_encryption_key).

* `disk_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  Encrypts the disk using a customer-supplied encryption key.
  After you encrypt a disk with a customer-supplied key, you must
  provide the same key if you use the disk later (e.g. to create a disk
  snapshot or an image, or to attach the disk to a virtual machine).
  Customer-supplied encryption keys do not protect access to metadata of
  the disk.
  If you do not provide an encryption key when creating the disk, then
  the disk will be encrypted using an automatically generated key and
  you do not need to provide a key to use the disk later.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_disk_encryption_key).

* `snapshot` -
  (Optional)
  The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as
  a partial or full URL to the resource. If the snapshot is in another
  project than this disk, you must supply a full URL. For example, the
  following are valid values:
  * `https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `snapshot`

* `source_snapshot_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required
  if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption
  key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_async_primary_disk"></a>The `async_primary_disk` block supports:

* `disk` -
  (Required)
  Primary disk for asynchronous disk replication.

<a name="nested_guest_os_features"></a>The `guest_os_features` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of supported feature. Read [Enabling guest operating system features](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/create-delete-deprecate-private-images#guest-os-features) to see a list of available options.
  Possible values are: `MULTI_IP_SUBNET`, `SECURE_BOOT`, `SEV_CAPABLE`, `UEFI_COMPATIBLE`, `VIRTIO_SCSI_MULTIQUEUE`, `WINDOWS`, `GVNIC`, `SEV_LIVE_MIGRATABLE`, `SEV_SNP_CAPABLE`, `SUSPEND_RESUME_COMPATIBLE`, `TDX_CAPABLE`.

<a name="nested_source_image_encryption_key"></a>The `source_image_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_self_link` -
  (Optional)
  The self link of the encryption key used to encrypt the disk. Also called KmsKeyName
  in the cloud console. Your project's Compute Engine System service account
  (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@compute-system.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have
  `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature.
  See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-managed-encryption#encrypt_a_new_persistent_disk_with_your_own_keys

* `kms_key_service_account` -
  (Optional)
  The service account used for the encryption request for the given KMS key.
  If absent, the Compute Engine Service Agent service account is used.

<a name="nested_disk_encryption_key"></a>The `disk_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `rsa_encrypted_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies an RFC 4648 base64 encoded, RSA-wrapped 2048-bit
  customer-supplied encryption key to either encrypt or decrypt
  this resource. You can provide either the rawKey or the rsaEncryptedKey.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_self_link` -
  (Optional)
  The self link of the encryption key used to encrypt the disk. Also called KmsKeyName
  in the cloud console. Your project's Compute Engine System service account
  (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@compute-system.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have
  `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature.
  See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-managed-encryption#encrypt_a_new_persistent_disk_with_your_own_keys

* `kms_key_service_account` -
  (Optional)
  The service account used for the encryption request for the given KMS key.
  If absent, the Compute Engine Service Agent service account is used.

<a name="nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key"></a>The `source_snapshot_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.

* `kms_key_self_link` -
  (Optional)
  The self link of the encryption key used to encrypt the disk. Also called KmsKeyName
  in the cloud console. Your project's Compute Engine System service account
  (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@compute-system.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have
  `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature.
  See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-managed-encryption#encrypt_a_new_persistent_disk_with_your_own_keys

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_service_account` -
  (Optional)
  The service account used for the encryption request for the given KMS key.
  If absent, the Compute Engine Service Agent service account is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/disks/{{name}}`

* `label_fingerprint` -
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_attach_timestamp` -
  Last attach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_detach_timestamp` -
  Last detach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `users` -
  Links to the users of the disk (attached instances) in form:
  project/zones/zone/instances/instance

* `source_disk_id` -
  The ID value of the disk used to create this image. This value may
  be used to determine whether the image was taken from the current
  or a previous instance of a given disk name.

* `source_image_id` -
  The ID value of the image used to create this disk. This value
  identifies the exact image that was used to create this persistent
  disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from an image
  that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source
  image ID would identify the exact version of the image that was used.

* `source_snapshot_id` -
  The unique ID of the snapshot used to create this disk. This value
  identifies the exact snapshot that was used to create this persistent
  disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from a snapshot
  that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source
  snapshot ID would identify the exact version of the snapshot that was
  used.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Disk can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/disks/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default {{zone}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_disk.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
