website/docs/r/compute_network_endpoint.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A Network endpoint represents a IP address and port combination that is
  part of a specific network endpoint group (NEG).
---

# google\_compute\_network\_endpoint

A Network endpoint represents a IP address and port combination that is
part of a specific network endpoint group (NEG). NEGs are zonal
collections of these endpoints for GCP resources within a
single subnet. **NOTE**: Network endpoints cannot be created outside of a
network endpoint group.


To get more information about NetworkEndpoint, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/networkEndpointGroups)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/negs/)

## Example Usage - Network Endpoint


```hcl
resource "google_compute_network_endpoint" "default-endpoint" {
  network_endpoint_group = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.name

  instance   = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance.name
  port       = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.default_port
  ip_address = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance.network_interface[0].network_ip
}

data "google_compute_image" "my_image" {
  family  = "debian-11"
  project = "debian-cloud"
}

resource "google_compute_instance" "endpoint-instance" {
  name         = "endpoint-instance"
  machine_type = "e2-medium"

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    }
  }

  network_interface {
    subnetwork = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
    access_config {
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network_endpoint_group" "group" {
  name         = "my-lb-neg"
  network      = google_compute_network.default.id
  subnetwork   = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
  default_port = "90"
  zone         = "us-central1-a"
}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name                    = "neg-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "default" {
  name          = "neg-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.1/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.default.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `ip_address` -
  (Required)
  IPv4 address of network endpoint. The IP address must belong
  to a VM in GCE (either the primary IP or as part of an aliased IP
  range).

* `network_endpoint_group` -
  (Required)
  The network endpoint group this endpoint is part of.


- - -


* `instance` -
  (Optional)
  The name for a specific VM instance that the IP address belongs to.
  This is required for network endpoints of type GCE_VM_IP_PORT.
  The instance must be in the same zone of network endpoint group.

* `port` -
  (Optional)
  Port number of network endpoint.
  **Note** `port` is required unless the Network Endpoint Group is created
  with the type of `GCE_VM_IP`

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  Zone where the containing network endpoint group is located.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


NetworkEndpoint can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`
* `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`
* `{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`
* `{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import NetworkEndpoint using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}"
  to = google_compute_network_endpoint.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), NetworkEndpoint can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default {{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default {{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Update documentation for the endpoints to include mention of update_triggered_by (#10271)
[upstream:5a465a015a2aa39d99c703b9e71d20432eee9dfa]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_network_endpoint.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A Network endpoint represents a IP address and port combination that is
  part of a specific network endpoint group (NEG).
---

# google\_compute\_network\_endpoint

A Network endpoint represents a IP address and port combination that is
part of a specific network endpoint group (NEG). NEGs are zonal
collections of these endpoints for GCP resources within a
single subnet. **NOTE**: Network endpoints cannot be created outside of a
network endpoint group.

-> **NOTE** In case the Endpoint's Instance is recreated, it's needed to
perform `apply` twice. To avoid situations like this, please use this resource
with the lifecycle `update_triggered_by` method, with the passed Instance's ID.


To get more information about NetworkEndpoint, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/networkEndpointGroups)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/negs/)

## Example Usage - Network Endpoint


```hcl
resource "google_compute_network_endpoint" "default-endpoint" {
  network_endpoint_group = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.name

  instance   = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance.name
  port       = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.default_port
  ip_address = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance.network_interface[0].network_ip
}

data "google_compute_image" "my_image" {
  family  = "debian-11"
  project = "debian-cloud"
}

resource "google_compute_instance" "endpoint-instance" {
  name         = "endpoint-instance"
  machine_type = "e2-medium"

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    }
  }

  network_interface {
    subnetwork = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
    access_config {
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network_endpoint_group" "group" {
  name         = "my-lb-neg"
  network      = google_compute_network.default.id
  subnetwork   = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
  default_port = "90"
  zone         = "us-central1-a"
}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name                    = "neg-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "default" {
  name          = "neg-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.1/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.default.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `ip_address` -
  (Required)
  IPv4 address of network endpoint. The IP address must belong
  to a VM in GCE (either the primary IP or as part of an aliased IP
  range).

* `network_endpoint_group` -
  (Required)
  The network endpoint group this endpoint is part of.


- - -


* `instance` -
  (Optional)
  The name for a specific VM instance that the IP address belongs to.
  This is required for network endpoints of type GCE_VM_IP_PORT.
  The instance must be in the same zone of network endpoint group.

* `port` -
  (Optional)
  Port number of network endpoint.
  **Note** `port` is required unless the Network Endpoint Group is created
  with the type of `GCE_VM_IP`

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  Zone where the containing network endpoint group is located.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


NetworkEndpoint can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`
* `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`
* `{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`
* `{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import NetworkEndpoint using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}"
  to = google_compute_network_endpoint.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), NetworkEndpoint can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default {{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoint.default {{network_endpoint_group}}/{{instance}}/{{ip_address}}/{{port}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
