website/docs/r/compute_target_pool.html.markdown, before:

---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Manages a Target Pool within GCE.
---

# google\_compute\_target\_pool

Manages a Target Pool within GCE. This is a collection of instances used as
target of a network load balancer (Forwarding Rule). For more information see
[the official
documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/network/target-pools)
and [API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/targetPools).


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_target_pool" "default" {
  name = "instance-pool"

  instances = [
    "us-central1-a/myinstance1",
    "us-central1-b/myinstance2",
  ]

  health_checks = [
    google_compute_http_health_check.default.name,
  ]
}

resource "google_compute_http_health_check" "default" {
  name               = "default"
  request_path       = "/"
  check_interval_sec = 1
  timeout_sec        = 1
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A unique name for the resource, required by GCE. Changing
    this forces a new resource to be created.

- - -

* `backup_pool` - (Optional) URL to the backup target pool. Must also set
    failover\_ratio.

* `description` - (Optional) Textual description field.

* `failover_ratio` - (Optional) Ratio (0 to 1) of failed nodes before using the
    backup pool (which must also be set).

* `health_checks` - (Optional) List of zero or one health check name or self_link. Only
    legacy `google_compute_http_health_check` is supported.

* `instances` - (Optional) List of instances in the pool. They can be given as
    URLs, or in the form of "zone/name". Note that the instances need not exist
    at the time of target pool creation, so there is no need to use the
    Terraform interpolators to create a dependency on the instances from the
    target pool.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `region` - (Optional) Where the target pool resides. Defaults to project
    region.

* `session_affinity` - (Optional) How to distribute load. Options are "NONE" (no
    affinity). "CLIENT\_IP" (hash of the source/dest addresses / ports), and
    "CLIENT\_IP\_PROTO" also includes the protocol (default "NONE").

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetPools/{{name}}`

* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

Target pools can be imported using any of the following formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetPools/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default {{name}}
```

Commit message:

Add security policy field to target pool (#8614)
* adding security_policy field to targetPool

* updating target pool documentation with security policy

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_target_pool.html.markdown, after:

---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Manages a Target Pool within GCE.
---

# google\_compute\_target\_pool

Manages a Target Pool within GCE. This is a collection of instances used as
target of a network load balancer (Forwarding Rule). For more information see
[the official
documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/network/target-pools)
and [API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/targetPools).


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_target_pool" "default" {
  name = "instance-pool"

  instances = [
    "us-central1-a/myinstance1",
    "us-central1-b/myinstance2",
  ]

  health_checks = [
    google_compute_http_health_check.default.name,
  ]
}

resource "google_compute_http_health_check" "default" {
  name               = "default"
  request_path       = "/"
  check_interval_sec = 1
  timeout_sec        = 1
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A unique name for the resource, required by GCE. Changing
    this forces a new resource to be created.

- - -

* `backup_pool` - (Optional) URL to the backup target pool. Must also set
    failover\_ratio.

* `description` - (Optional) Textual description field.

* `failover_ratio` - (Optional) Ratio (0 to 1) of failed nodes before using the
    backup pool (which must also be set).

* `health_checks` - (Optional) List of zero or one health check name or self_link. Only
    legacy `google_compute_http_health_check` is supported.

* `instances` - (Optional) List of instances in the pool. They can be given as
    URLs, or in the form of "zone/name". Note that the instances need not exist
    at the time of target pool creation, so there is no need to use the
    Terraform interpolators to create a dependency on the instances from the
    target pool.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `region` - (Optional) Where the target pool resides. Defaults to project
    region.

* `session_affinity` - (Optional) How to distribute load. Options are "NONE" (no
    affinity). "CLIENT\_IP" (hash of the source/dest addresses / ports), and
    "CLIENT\_IP\_PROTO" also includes the protocol (default "NONE").

* `security_policy` - (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html)) The resource URL for the security policy associated with this target pool.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetPools/{{name}}`

* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

Target pools can be imported using any of the following formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetPools/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_target_pool.default {{name}}
```
