website/docs/r/compute_network_endpoints.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A set of network endpoints belonging to a network endpoint group (NEG).
---

# google\_compute\_network\_endpoints

A set of network endpoints belonging to a network endpoint group (NEG). A
single network endpoint represents a IP address and port combination that is
part of a specific network endpoint group  (NEG). NEGs are zonal collections
of these endpoints for GCP resources within a single subnet. **NOTE**:
Network endpoints cannot be created outside of a network endpoint group.

This resource is authoritative for a single NEG. Any endpoints not specified
by this resource will be deleted when the resource configuration is applied.


To get more information about NetworkEndpoints, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/networkEndpointGroups)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/negs/)

## Example Usage - Network Endpoints


```hcl
resource "google_compute_network_endpoints" "default-endpoints" {
  network_endpoint_group = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.name

  network_endpoints {
    instance   = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance1.name
    port       = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.default_port
    ip_address = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance1.network_interface[0].network_ip
  }
  network_endpoints {
    instance   = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance2.name
    port       = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.default_port
    ip_address = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance2.network_interface[0].network_ip
  }
}

data "google_compute_image" "my_image" {
  family  = "debian-11"
  project = "debian-cloud"
}

resource "google_compute_instance" "endpoint-instance1" {
  name         = "endpoint-instance1"
  machine_type = "e2-medium"

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    }
  }

  network_interface {
    subnetwork = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
    access_config {
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_instance" "endpoint-instance2" {
  name         = "endpoint-instance2"
  machine_type = "e2-medium"

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    }
  }

  network_interface {
    subnetwork = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
    access_config {
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network_endpoint_group" "group" {
  name         = "my-lb-neg"
  network      = google_compute_network.default.id
  subnetwork   = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
  default_port = "90"
  zone         = "us-central1-a"
}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name                    = "neg-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "default" {
  name          = "neg-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.1/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.default.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `network_endpoint_group` -
  (Required)
  The network endpoint group these endpoints are part of.


- - -


* `network_endpoints` -
  (Optional)
  The network endpoints to be added to the enclosing network endpoint group
  (NEG). Each endpoint specifies an IP address and port, along with
  additional information depending on the NEG type.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_network_endpoints).

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  Zone where the containing network endpoint group is located.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_network_endpoints"></a>The `network_endpoints` block supports:

* `instance` -
  (Optional)
  The name for a specific VM instance that the IP address belongs to.
  This is required for network endpoints of type GCE_VM_IP_PORT.
  The instance must be in the same zone as the network endpoint group.

* `port` -
  (Optional)
  Port number of network endpoint.
  **Note** `port` is required unless the Network Endpoint Group is created
  with the type of `GCE_VM_IP`

* `ip_address` -
  (Required)
  IPv4 address of network endpoint. The IP address must belong
  to a VM in GCE (either the primary IP or as part of an aliased IP
  range).

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/endpoints`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


NetworkEndpoints can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}`
* `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}`
* `{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}`
* `{{network_endpoint_group}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import NetworkEndpoints using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}"
  to = google_compute_network_endpoints.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), NetworkEndpoints can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default {{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default {{network_endpoint_group}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Update documentation for the endpoints to include mention of update_triggered_by (#10271) (#7156)
[upstream:5a465a015a2aa39d99c703b9e71d20432eee9dfa]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_network_endpoints.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A set of network endpoints belonging to a network endpoint group (NEG).
---

# google\_compute\_network\_endpoints

A set of network endpoints belonging to a network endpoint group (NEG). A
single network endpoint represents a IP address and port combination that is
part of a specific network endpoint group  (NEG). NEGs are zonal collections
of these endpoints for GCP resources within a single subnet. **NOTE**:
Network endpoints cannot be created outside of a network endpoint group.

This resource is authoritative for a single NEG. Any endpoints not specified
by this resource will be deleted when the resource configuration is applied.

-> **NOTE** In case the Endpoint's Instance is recreated, it's needed to
perform `apply` twice. To avoid situations like this, please use this resource
with the lifecycle `update_triggered_by` method, with the passed Instance's ID.


To get more information about NetworkEndpoints, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/networkEndpointGroups)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/negs/)

## Example Usage - Network Endpoints


```hcl
resource "google_compute_network_endpoints" "default-endpoints" {
  network_endpoint_group = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.name

  network_endpoints {
    instance   = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance1.name
    port       = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.default_port
    ip_address = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance1.network_interface[0].network_ip
  }
  network_endpoints {
    instance   = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance2.name
    port       = google_compute_network_endpoint_group.neg.default_port
    ip_address = google_compute_instance.endpoint-instance2.network_interface[0].network_ip
  }
}

data "google_compute_image" "my_image" {
  family  = "debian-11"
  project = "debian-cloud"
}

resource "google_compute_instance" "endpoint-instance1" {
  name         = "endpoint-instance1"
  machine_type = "e2-medium"

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    }
  }

  network_interface {
    subnetwork = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
    access_config {
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_instance" "endpoint-instance2" {
  name         = "endpoint-instance2"
  machine_type = "e2-medium"

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    }
  }

  network_interface {
    subnetwork = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
    access_config {
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network_endpoint_group" "group" {
  name         = "my-lb-neg"
  network      = google_compute_network.default.id
  subnetwork   = google_compute_subnetwork.default.id
  default_port = "90"
  zone         = "us-central1-a"
}

resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name                    = "neg-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "default" {
  name          = "neg-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.1/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.default.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `network_endpoint_group` -
  (Required)
  The network endpoint group these endpoints are part of.


- - -


* `network_endpoints` -
  (Optional)
  The network endpoints to be added to the enclosing network endpoint group
  (NEG). Each endpoint specifies an IP address and port, along with
  additional information depending on the NEG type.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_network_endpoints).

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  Zone where the containing network endpoint group is located.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_network_endpoints"></a>The `network_endpoints` block supports:

* `instance` -
  (Optional)
  The name for a specific VM instance that the IP address belongs to.
  This is required for network endpoints of type GCE_VM_IP_PORT.
  The instance must be in the same zone as the network endpoint group.

* `port` -
  (Optional)
  Port number of network endpoint.
  **Note** `port` is required unless the Network Endpoint Group is created
  with the type of `GCE_VM_IP`

* `ip_address` -
  (Required)
  IPv4 address of network endpoint. The IP address must belong
  to a VM in GCE (either the primary IP or as part of an aliased IP
  range).

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}/endpoints`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


NetworkEndpoints can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}`
* `{{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}`
* `{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}`
* `{{network_endpoint_group}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import NetworkEndpoints using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}"
  to = google_compute_network_endpoints.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), NetworkEndpoints can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{network_endpoint_group}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default {{zone}}/{{network_endpoint_group}}
$ terraform import google_compute_network_endpoints.default {{network_endpoint_group}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
