website/docs/r/compute_subnetwork.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A VPC network is a virtual version of the traditional physical networks
  that exist within and between physical data centers.
---

# google\_compute\_subnetwork

A VPC network is a virtual version of the traditional physical networks
that exist within and between physical data centers. A VPC network
provides connectivity for your Compute Engine virtual machine (VM)
instances, Container Engine containers, App Engine Flex services, and
other network-related resources.

Each GCP project contains one or more VPC networks. Each VPC network is a
global entity spanning all GCP regions. This global VPC network allows VM
instances and other resources to communicate with each other via internal,
private IP addresses.

Each VPC network is subdivided into subnets, and each subnet is contained
within a single region. You can have more than one subnet in a region for
a given VPC network. Each subnet has a contiguous private RFC1918 IP
space. You create instances, containers, and the like in these subnets.
When you create an instance, you must create it in a subnet, and the
instance draws its internal IP address from that subnet.

Virtual machine (VM) instances in a VPC network can communicate with
instances in all other subnets of the same VPC network, regardless of
region, using their RFC1918 private IP addresses. You can isolate portions
of the network, even entire subnets, using firewall rules.


To get more information about Subnetwork, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/subnetworks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Private Google Access](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-private-google-access)
    * [Cloud Networking](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using-vpc)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges" {
  name          = "test-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.2.0.0/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
  secondary_ip_range {
    range_name    = "tf-test-secondary-range-update1"
    ip_cidr_range = "192.168.10.0/24"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_logging_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Logging Config


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "subnet-with-logging" {
  name          = "log-test-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.2.0.0/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id

  log_config {
    aggregation_interval = "INTERVAL_10_MIN"
    flow_sampling        = 0.5
    metadata             = "INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "log-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_internal_l7lb&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Internal L7lb


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "network-for-l7lb" {
  provider = google-beta

  name          = "l7lb-test-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.0/22"
  region        = "us-central1"
  purpose       = "INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER"
  role          = "ACTIVE"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  provider = google-beta

  name                    = "l7lb-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_ipv6&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Ipv6


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "subnetwork-ipv6" {
  name          = "ipv6-test-subnetwork"
  
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.0/22"
  region        = "us-west2"
  
  stack_type       = "IPV4_IPV6"
  ipv6_access_type = "EXTERNAL"

  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "ipv6-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_internal_ipv6&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Internal Ipv6


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "subnetwork-internal-ipv6" {
  name          = "internal-ipv6-test-subnetwork"
  
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.0/22"
  region        = "us-west2"
  
  stack_type       = "IPV4_IPV6"
  ipv6_access_type = "INTERNAL"

  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "internal-ipv6-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
  enable_ula_internal_ipv6 = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `ip_cidr_range` -
  (Required)
  The range of internal addresses that are owned by this subnetwork.
  Provide this property when you create the subnetwork. For example,
  10.0.0.0/8 or 192.168.0.0/16. Ranges must be unique and
  non-overlapping within a network. Only IPv4 is supported.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the resource, provided by the client when initially
  creating the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and
  comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters
  long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which
  means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all
  following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit,
  except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

* `network` -
  (Required)
  The network this subnet belongs to.
  Only networks that are in the distributed mode can have subnetworks.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource. This field can be set only at resource
  creation time.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The purpose of the resource. This field can be either `PRIVATE_RFC_1918`, `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER`, `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY`, or `PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT`.
  A subnetwork with purpose set to `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER` is a user-created subnetwork that is reserved for Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancing.
  A subnetwork in a given region with purpose set to `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY` is a proxy-only subnet and is shared between all the regional Envoy-based load balancers.
  A subnetwork with purpose set to `PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT` reserves the subnet for hosting a Private Service Connect published service.
  If unspecified, the purpose defaults to `PRIVATE_RFC_1918`.
  The enableFlowLogs field isn't supported with the purpose field set to `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER`.

* `role` -
  (Optional)
  The role of subnetwork.
  The value can be set to `ACTIVE` or `BACKUP`.
  An `ACTIVE` subnetwork is one that is currently being used.
  A `BACKUP` subnetwork is one that is ready to be promoted to `ACTIVE` or is currently draining.
  Subnetwork role must be specified when purpose is set to `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER` or `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY`.
  Possible values are: `ACTIVE`, `BACKUP`.

* `secondary_ip_range` -
  (Optional)
  An array of configurations for secondary IP ranges for VM instances
  contained in this subnetwork. The primary IP of such VM must belong
  to the primary ipCidrRange of the subnetwork. The alias IPs may belong
  to either primary or secondary ranges.
  **Note**: This field uses [attr-as-block mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html) to avoid
  breaking users during the 0.12 upgrade. To explicitly send a list
  of zero objects you must use the following syntax:
  `example=[]`
  For more details about this behavior, see [this section](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html#defining-a-fixed-object-collection-value).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_secondary_ip_range).

* `private_ip_google_access` -
  (Optional)
  When enabled, VMs in this subnetwork without external IP addresses can
  access Google APIs and services by using Private Google Access.

* `private_ipv6_google_access` -
  (Optional)
  The private IPv6 google access type for the VMs in this subnet.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The GCP region for this subnetwork.

* `log_config` -
  (Optional)
  Denotes the logging options for the subnetwork flow logs. If logging is enabled
  logs will be exported to Stackdriver. This field cannot be set if the `purpose` of this
  subnetwork is `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER`
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_log_config).

* `stack_type` -
  (Optional)
  The stack type for this subnet to identify whether the IPv6 feature is enabled or not.
  If not specified IPV4_ONLY will be used.
  Possible values are: `IPV4_ONLY`, `IPV4_IPV6`.

* `ipv6_access_type` -
  (Optional)
  The access type of IPv6 address this subnet holds. It's immutable and can only be specified during creation
  or the first time the subnet is updated into IPV4_IPV6 dual stack. If the ipv6_type is EXTERNAL then this subnet
  cannot enable direct path.
  Possible values are: `EXTERNAL`, `INTERNAL`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_secondary_ip_range"></a>The `secondary_ip_range` block supports:

* `range_name` -
  (Required)
  The name associated with this subnetwork secondary range, used
  when adding an alias IP range to a VM instance. The name must
  be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. The name
  must be unique within the subnetwork.

* `ip_cidr_range` -
  (Required)
  The range of IP addresses belonging to this subnetwork secondary
  range. Provide this property when you create the subnetwork.
  Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with all primary and
  secondary IP ranges within a network. Only IPv4 is supported.

<a name="nested_log_config"></a>The `log_config` block supports:

* `aggregation_interval` -
  (Optional)
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
  Toggles the aggregation interval for collecting flow logs. Increasing the
  interval time will reduce the amount of generated flow logs for long
  lasting connections. Default is an interval of 5 seconds per connection.
  Default value is `INTERVAL_5_SEC`.
  Possible values are: `INTERVAL_5_SEC`, `INTERVAL_30_SEC`, `INTERVAL_1_MIN`, `INTERVAL_5_MIN`, `INTERVAL_10_MIN`, `INTERVAL_15_MIN`.

* `flow_sampling` -
  (Optional)
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
  The value of the field must be in [0, 1]. Set the sampling rate of VPC
  flow logs within the subnetwork where 1.0 means all collected logs are
  reported and 0.0 means no logs are reported. Default is 0.5 which means
  half of all collected logs are reported.

* `metadata` -
  (Optional)
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
  Configures whether metadata fields should be added to the reported VPC
  flow logs.
  Default value is `INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA`.
  Possible values are: `EXCLUDE_ALL_METADATA`, `INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA`, `CUSTOM_METADATA`.

* `metadata_fields` -
  (Optional)
  List of metadata fields that should be added to reported logs.
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logs for this subnetwork is enabled and "metadata" is set to CUSTOM_METADATA.

* `filter_expr` -
  (Optional)
  Export filter used to define which VPC flow logs should be logged, as as CEL expression. See
  https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/flow-logs#filtering for details on how to format this field.
  The default value is 'true', which evaluates to include everything.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `gateway_address` -
  The gateway address for default routes to reach destination addresses
  outside this subnetwork.

* `ipv6_cidr_range` -
  The range of internal IPv6 addresses that are owned by this subnetwork.

* `external_ipv6_prefix` -
  The range of external IPv6 addresses that are owned by this subnetwork.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Subnetwork can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Update docs for missing proxy subnet type (#8502) (#5981)
* Update subnetwork_log_config.go.erb with new purpose

* Update Subnetwork.yaml

* Update TargetHttpsProxy.yaml

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_subnetwork.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A VPC network is a virtual version of the traditional physical networks
  that exist within and between physical data centers.
---

# google\_compute\_subnetwork

A VPC network is a virtual version of the traditional physical networks
that exist within and between physical data centers. A VPC network
provides connectivity for your Compute Engine virtual machine (VM)
instances, Container Engine containers, App Engine Flex services, and
other network-related resources.

Each GCP project contains one or more VPC networks. Each VPC network is a
global entity spanning all GCP regions. This global VPC network allows VM
instances and other resources to communicate with each other via internal,
private IP addresses.

Each VPC network is subdivided into subnets, and each subnet is contained
within a single region. You can have more than one subnet in a region for
a given VPC network. Each subnet has a contiguous private RFC1918 IP
space. You create instances, containers, and the like in these subnets.
When you create an instance, you must create it in a subnet, and the
instance draws its internal IP address from that subnet.

Virtual machine (VM) instances in a VPC network can communicate with
instances in all other subnets of the same VPC network, regardless of
region, using their RFC1918 private IP addresses. You can isolate portions
of the network, even entire subnets, using firewall rules.


To get more information about Subnetwork, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/subnetworks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Private Google Access](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-private-google-access)
    * [Cloud Networking](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using-vpc)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges" {
  name          = "test-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.2.0.0/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
  secondary_ip_range {
    range_name    = "tf-test-secondary-range-update1"
    ip_cidr_range = "192.168.10.0/24"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_logging_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Logging Config


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "subnet-with-logging" {
  name          = "log-test-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.2.0.0/16"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id

  log_config {
    aggregation_interval = "INTERVAL_10_MIN"
    flow_sampling        = 0.5
    metadata             = "INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "log-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_internal_l7lb&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Internal L7lb


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "network-for-l7lb" {
  provider = google-beta

  name          = "l7lb-test-subnetwork"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.0/22"
  region        = "us-central1"
  purpose       = "INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER"
  role          = "ACTIVE"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  provider = google-beta

  name                    = "l7lb-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_ipv6&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Ipv6


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "subnetwork-ipv6" {
  name          = "ipv6-test-subnetwork"
  
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.0/22"
  region        = "us-west2"
  
  stack_type       = "IPV4_IPV6"
  ipv6_access_type = "EXTERNAL"

  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "ipv6-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=subnetwork_internal_ipv6&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Subnetwork Internal Ipv6


```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "subnetwork-internal-ipv6" {
  name          = "internal-ipv6-test-subnetwork"
  
  ip_cidr_range = "10.0.0.0/22"
  region        = "us-west2"
  
  stack_type       = "IPV4_IPV6"
  ipv6_access_type = "INTERNAL"

  network       = google_compute_network.custom-test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom-test" {
  name                    = "internal-ipv6-test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
  enable_ula_internal_ipv6 = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `ip_cidr_range` -
  (Required)
  The range of internal addresses that are owned by this subnetwork.
  Provide this property when you create the subnetwork. For example,
  10.0.0.0/8 or 192.168.0.0/16. Ranges must be unique and
  non-overlapping within a network. Only IPv4 is supported.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the resource, provided by the client when initially
  creating the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and
  comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters
  long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which
  means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all
  following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit,
  except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

* `network` -
  (Required)
  The network this subnet belongs to.
  Only networks that are in the distributed mode can have subnetworks.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource. This field can be set only at resource
  creation time.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The purpose of the resource. This field can be either `PRIVATE_RFC_1918`, `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER`, `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY`, `GLOBAL_MANAGED_PROXY` or `PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT`.
  A subnetwork with purpose set to `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER` is a user-created subnetwork that is reserved for Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancing.
  A subnetwork in a given region with purpose set to `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY` is a proxy-only subnet and is shared between all the regional Envoy-based load balancers.
  A subnetwork in a given region with purpose set to `GLOBAL_MANAGED_PROXY` is a proxy-only subnet and is shared between all the cross-regional Envoy-based load balancers.
  A subnetwork with purpose set to `PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT` reserves the subnet for hosting a Private Service Connect published service.
  If unspecified, the purpose defaults to `PRIVATE_RFC_1918`.
  The enableFlowLogs field isn't supported with the purpose field set to `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER` or `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY` or `GLOBAL_MANAGED_PROXY`.

* `role` -
  (Optional)
  The role of subnetwork.
  The value can be set to `ACTIVE` or `BACKUP`.
  An `ACTIVE` subnetwork is one that is currently being used.
  A `BACKUP` subnetwork is one that is ready to be promoted to `ACTIVE` or is currently draining.
  Subnetwork role must be specified when purpose is set to `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER` or `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY`.
  Possible values are: `ACTIVE`, `BACKUP`.

* `secondary_ip_range` -
  (Optional)
  An array of configurations for secondary IP ranges for VM instances
  contained in this subnetwork. The primary IP of such VM must belong
  to the primary ipCidrRange of the subnetwork. The alias IPs may belong
  to either primary or secondary ranges.
  **Note**: This field uses [attr-as-block mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html) to avoid
  breaking users during the 0.12 upgrade. To explicitly send a list
  of zero objects you must use the following syntax:
  `example=[]`
  For more details about this behavior, see [this section](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html#defining-a-fixed-object-collection-value).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_secondary_ip_range).

* `private_ip_google_access` -
  (Optional)
  When enabled, VMs in this subnetwork without external IP addresses can
  access Google APIs and services by using Private Google Access.

* `private_ipv6_google_access` -
  (Optional)
  The private IPv6 google access type for the VMs in this subnet.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The GCP region for this subnetwork.

* `log_config` -
  (Optional)
  Denotes the logging options for the subnetwork flow logs. If logging is enabled
  logs will be exported to Stackdriver. This field cannot be set if the `purpose` of this
  subnetwork is `INTERNAL_HTTPS_LOAD_BALANCER` or `REGIONAL_MANAGED_PROXY` or `GLOBAL_MANAGED_PROXY`
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_log_config).

* `stack_type` -
  (Optional)
  The stack type for this subnet to identify whether the IPv6 feature is enabled or not.
  If not specified IPV4_ONLY will be used.
  Possible values are: `IPV4_ONLY`, `IPV4_IPV6`.

* `ipv6_access_type` -
  (Optional)
  The access type of IPv6 address this subnet holds. It's immutable and can only be specified during creation
  or the first time the subnet is updated into IPV4_IPV6 dual stack. If the ipv6_type is EXTERNAL then this subnet
  cannot enable direct path.
  Possible values are: `EXTERNAL`, `INTERNAL`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_secondary_ip_range"></a>The `secondary_ip_range` block supports:

* `range_name` -
  (Required)
  The name associated with this subnetwork secondary range, used
  when adding an alias IP range to a VM instance. The name must
  be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. The name
  must be unique within the subnetwork.

* `ip_cidr_range` -
  (Required)
  The range of IP addresses belonging to this subnetwork secondary
  range. Provide this property when you create the subnetwork.
  Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with all primary and
  secondary IP ranges within a network. Only IPv4 is supported.

<a name="nested_log_config"></a>The `log_config` block supports:

* `aggregation_interval` -
  (Optional)
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
  Toggles the aggregation interval for collecting flow logs. Increasing the
  interval time will reduce the amount of generated flow logs for long
  lasting connections. Default is an interval of 5 seconds per connection.
  Default value is `INTERVAL_5_SEC`.
  Possible values are: `INTERVAL_5_SEC`, `INTERVAL_30_SEC`, `INTERVAL_1_MIN`, `INTERVAL_5_MIN`, `INTERVAL_10_MIN`, `INTERVAL_15_MIN`.

* `flow_sampling` -
  (Optional)
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
  The value of the field must be in [0, 1]. Set the sampling rate of VPC
  flow logs within the subnetwork where 1.0 means all collected logs are
  reported and 0.0 means no logs are reported. Default is 0.5 which means
  half of all collected logs are reported.

* `metadata` -
  (Optional)
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
  Configures whether metadata fields should be added to the reported VPC
  flow logs.
  Default value is `INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA`.
  Possible values are: `EXCLUDE_ALL_METADATA`, `INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA`, `CUSTOM_METADATA`.

* `metadata_fields` -
  (Optional)
  List of metadata fields that should be added to reported logs.
  Can only be specified if VPC flow logs for this subnetwork is enabled and "metadata" is set to CUSTOM_METADATA.

* `filter_expr` -
  (Optional)
  Export filter used to define which VPC flow logs should be logged, as as CEL expression. See
  https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/flow-logs#filtering for details on how to format this field.
  The default value is 'true', which evaluates to include everything.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `gateway_address` -
  The gateway address for default routes to reach destination addresses
  outside this subnetwork.

* `ipv6_cidr_range` -
  The range of internal IPv6 addresses that are owned by this subnetwork.

* `external_ipv6_prefix` -
  The range of external IPv6 addresses that are owned by this subnetwork.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Subnetwork can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
