website/docs/r/compute_global_address.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a Global Address resource.
---

# google\_compute\_global\_address

Represents a Global Address resource. Global addresses are used for
HTTP(S) load balancing.


To get more information about GlobalAddress, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/v1/globalAddresses)
* How-to Guides
    * [Reserving a Static External IP Address](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ip-addresses/reserve-static-external-ip-address)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=global_address_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Global Address Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_global_address" "default" {
  name = "global-appserver-ip"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=global_address_private_services_connect&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Global Address Private Services Connect


```hcl
resource "google_compute_global_address" "default" {
  provider      = google-beta
  name          = "global-psconnect-ip"
  address_type  = "INTERNAL"
  purpose       = "PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT"
  network       = google_compute_network.network.id
  address       = "100.100.100.105"
}

resource "google_compute_network" "network" {
  provider      = google-beta
  name          = "my-network-name"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035.  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and
  match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means
  the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `address` -
  (Optional)
  The IP address or beginning of the address range represented by this
  resource. This can be supplied as an input to reserve a specific
  address or omitted to allow GCP to choose a valid one for you.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Labels to apply to this address.  A list of key->value pairs.

* `ip_version` -
  (Optional)
  The IP Version that will be used by this address. The default value is `IPV4`.
  Possible values are: `IPV4`, `IPV6`.

* `prefix_length` -
  (Optional)
  The prefix length of the IP range. If not present, it means the
  address field is a single IP address.
  This field is not applicable to addresses with addressType=INTERNAL
  when purpose=PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT

* `address_type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of the address to reserve.
  * EXTERNAL indicates public/external single IP address.
  * INTERNAL indicates internal IP ranges belonging to some network.
  Default value is `EXTERNAL`.
  Possible values are: `EXTERNAL`, `INTERNAL`.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The purpose of the resource. Possible values include:
  * VPC_PEERING - for peer networks
  * PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT - for ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) only) Private Service Connect networks

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the network in which to reserve the IP range. The IP range
  must be in RFC1918 space. The network cannot be deleted if there are
  any reserved IP ranges referring to it.
  This should only be set when using an Internal address.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/global/addresses/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `label_fingerprint` -
  ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


GlobalAddress can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default projects/{{project}}/global/addresses/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Add provider default labels (#8670) (#6207)
* Add provider default labels

* Fix the filed names

* Fix the field name

* Don't expand lables field

* Fix syntax errors

* Fix bug to set metadata.0.terraform_labels

* Ignore state verify for terraform_labels

* Add logs

* Add more logs

* Skip test if vcr is enabled

* Add new type KeyValueTerraformLabels

* Fix rake test

* Add terraform_labels to tfplan.json files

* Comment out tgc integration tests

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_global_address.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a Global Address resource.
---

# google\_compute\_global\_address

Represents a Global Address resource. Global addresses are used for
HTTP(S) load balancing.


To get more information about GlobalAddress, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/v1/globalAddresses)
* How-to Guides
    * [Reserving a Static External IP Address](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ip-addresses/reserve-static-external-ip-address)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=global_address_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Global Address Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_global_address" "default" {
  name = "global-appserver-ip"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=global_address_private_services_connect&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Global Address Private Services Connect


```hcl
resource "google_compute_global_address" "default" {
  provider      = google-beta
  name          = "global-psconnect-ip"
  address_type  = "INTERNAL"
  purpose       = "PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT"
  network       = google_compute_network.network.id
  address       = "100.100.100.105"
}

resource "google_compute_network" "network" {
  provider      = google-beta
  name          = "my-network-name"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035.  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and
  match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means
  the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `address` -
  (Optional)
  The IP address or beginning of the address range represented by this
  resource. This can be supplied as an input to reserve a specific
  address or omitted to allow GCP to choose a valid one for you.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Labels to apply to this address.  A list of key->value pairs.

* `ip_version` -
  (Optional)
  The IP Version that will be used by this address. The default value is `IPV4`.
  Possible values are: `IPV4`, `IPV6`.

* `prefix_length` -
  (Optional)
  The prefix length of the IP range. If not present, it means the
  address field is a single IP address.
  This field is not applicable to addresses with addressType=INTERNAL
  when purpose=PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT

* `address_type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of the address to reserve.
  * EXTERNAL indicates public/external single IP address.
  * INTERNAL indicates internal IP ranges belonging to some network.
  Default value is `EXTERNAL`.
  Possible values are: `EXTERNAL`, `INTERNAL`.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The purpose of the resource. Possible values include:
  * VPC_PEERING - for peer networks
  * PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT - for ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) only) Private Service Connect networks

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the network in which to reserve the IP range. The IP range
  must be in RFC1918 space. The network cannot be deleted if there are
  any reserved IP ranges referring to it.
  This should only be set when using an Internal address.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/global/addresses/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `label_fingerprint` -
  ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.

* `terraform_labels` -
  ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


GlobalAddress can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default projects/{{project}}/global/addresses/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
