website/docs/r/compute_region_disk.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
  the physical disks in a desktop or a server.
---

# google\_compute\_region\_disk

Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
the physical disks in a desktop or a server. Compute Engine manages the
hardware behind these devices to ensure data redundancy and optimize
performance for you. Persistent disks are available as either standard
hard disk drives (HDD) or solid-state drives (SSD).

Persistent disks are located independently from your virtual machine
instances, so you can detach or move persistent disks to keep your data
even after you delete your instances. Persistent disk performance scales
automatically with size, so you can resize your existing persistent disks
or add more persistent disks to an instance to meet your performance and
storage space requirements.

Add a persistent disk to your instance when you need reliable and
affordable storage with consistent performance characteristics.


To get more information about RegionDisk, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionDisks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Adding or Resizing Regional Persistent Disks](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/regional-persistent-disk)

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `disk_encryption_key.raw_key`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=region_disk_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Disk Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_disk" "regiondisk" {
  name                      = "my-region-disk"
  snapshot                  = google_compute_snapshot.snapdisk.id
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-central1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  replica_zones = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]
}

resource "google_compute_disk" "disk" {
  name  = "my-disk"
  image = "debian-cloud/debian-11"
  size  = 50
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"
}

resource "google_compute_snapshot" "snapdisk" {
  name        = "my-snapshot"
  source_disk = google_compute_disk.disk.name
  zone        = "us-central1-a"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=region_disk_async&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Disk Async


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_disk" "primary" {
  name                      = "primary-region-disk"
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-central1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  replica_zones = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]
}

resource "google_compute_region_disk" "secondary" {
  name                      = "secondary-region-disk"
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-east1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  async_primary_disk {
    disk = google_compute_region_disk.primary.id
  }

  replica_zones = ["us-east1-b", "us-east1-c"]
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=region_disk_features&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Disk Features


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_disk" "regiondisk" {
  name                      = "my-region-features-disk"
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-central1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  guest_os_features {
    type = "SECURE_BOOT"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "MULTI_IP_SUBNET"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "WINDOWS"
  }

  licenses = ["https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/windows-cloud/global/licenses/windows-server-core"]

  replica_zones = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.

* `replica_zones` -
  (Required)
  URLs of the zones where the disk should be replicated to.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this disk.  A list of key->value pairs.

* `size` -
  (Optional)
  Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this
  field when creating a persistent disk using the sourceImage or
  sourceSnapshot parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty
  persistent disk.
  If you specify this field along with sourceImage or sourceSnapshot,
  the value of sizeGb must not be less than the size of the sourceImage
  or the size of the snapshot.

* `physical_block_size_bytes` -
  (Optional)
  Physical block size of the persistent disk, in bytes. If not present
  in a request, a default value is used. Currently supported sizes
  are 4096 and 16384, other sizes may be added in the future.
  If an unsupported value is requested, the error message will list
  the supported values for the caller's project.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  URL of the disk type resource describing which disk type to use to
  create the disk. Provide this when creating the disk.

* `interface` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Specifies the disk interface to use for attaching this disk, which is either SCSI or NVME. The default is SCSI.

* `source_disk` -
  (Optional)
  The source disk used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource.
  For example, the following are valid values:
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * regions/{region}/disks/{disk}

* `async_primary_disk` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_async_primary_disk).

* `guest_os_features` -
  (Optional)
  A list of features to enable on the guest operating system.
  Applicable only for bootable disks.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_guest_os_features).

* `licenses` -
  (Optional)
  Any applicable license URI.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the region where the disk resides.

* `disk_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  Encrypts the disk using a customer-supplied encryption key.
  After you encrypt a disk with a customer-supplied key, you must
  provide the same key if you use the disk later (e.g. to create a disk
  snapshot or an image, or to attach the disk to a virtual machine).
  Customer-supplied encryption keys do not protect access to metadata of
  the disk.
  If you do not provide an encryption key when creating the disk, then
  the disk will be encrypted using an automatically generated key and
  you do not need to provide a key to use the disk later.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_disk_encryption_key).

* `snapshot` -
  (Optional)
  The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as
  a partial or full URL to the resource. For example, the following are
  valid values:
  * `https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `snapshot`

* `source_snapshot_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required
  if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption
  key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_async_primary_disk"></a>The `async_primary_disk` block supports:

* `disk` -
  (Required)
  Primary disk for asynchronous disk replication.

<a name="nested_guest_os_features"></a>The `guest_os_features` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of supported feature. Read [Enabling guest operating system features](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/create-delete-deprecate-private-images#guest-os-features) to see a list of available options.
  Possible values are: `MULTI_IP_SUBNET`, `SECURE_BOOT`, `SEV_CAPABLE`, `UEFI_COMPATIBLE`, `VIRTIO_SCSI_MULTIQUEUE`, `WINDOWS`, `GVNIC`, `SEV_LIVE_MIGRATABLE`, `SEV_SNP_CAPABLE`, `SUSPEND_RESUME_COMPATIBLE`, `TDX_CAPABLE`.

<a name="nested_disk_encryption_key"></a>The `disk_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.

<a name="nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key"></a>The `source_snapshot_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/disks/{{name}}`

* `label_fingerprint` -
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_attach_timestamp` -
  Last attach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_detach_timestamp` -
  Last detach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `users` -
  Links to the users of the disk (attached instances) in form:
  project/zones/zone/instances/instance

* `source_disk_id` -
  The ID value of the disk used to create this image. This value may
  be used to determine whether the image was taken from the current
  or a previous instance of a given disk name.

* `source_snapshot_id` -
  The unique ID of the snapshot used to create this disk. This value
  identifies the exact snapshot that was used to create this persistent
  disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from a snapshot
  that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source
  snapshot ID would identify the exact version of the snapshot that was
  used.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RegionDisk can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/disks/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Improve deprecation_message behavior (#8696)
* Added support for resource-level deprecation messages

* Display field deprecation message in docs

* Corrected strings

* Corrected deprecation marker output in docs for beta fields

* Cleaned up diff / docs slightly

* Corrected callout block for deprecated fields

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_region_disk.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
  the physical disks in a desktop or a server.
---

# google\_compute\_region\_disk

Persistent disks are durable storage devices that function similarly to
the physical disks in a desktop or a server. Compute Engine manages the
hardware behind these devices to ensure data redundancy and optimize
performance for you. Persistent disks are available as either standard
hard disk drives (HDD) or solid-state drives (SSD).

Persistent disks are located independently from your virtual machine
instances, so you can detach or move persistent disks to keep your data
even after you delete your instances. Persistent disk performance scales
automatically with size, so you can resize your existing persistent disks
or add more persistent disks to an instance to meet your performance and
storage space requirements.

Add a persistent disk to your instance when you need reliable and
affordable storage with consistent performance characteristics.


To get more information about RegionDisk, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionDisks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Adding or Resizing Regional Persistent Disks](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/regional-persistent-disk)

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `disk_encryption_key.raw_key`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=region_disk_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Disk Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_disk" "regiondisk" {
  name                      = "my-region-disk"
  snapshot                  = google_compute_snapshot.snapdisk.id
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-central1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  replica_zones = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]
}

resource "google_compute_disk" "disk" {
  name  = "my-disk"
  image = "debian-cloud/debian-11"
  size  = 50
  type  = "pd-ssd"
  zone  = "us-central1-a"
}

resource "google_compute_snapshot" "snapdisk" {
  name        = "my-snapshot"
  source_disk = google_compute_disk.disk.name
  zone        = "us-central1-a"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=region_disk_async&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Disk Async


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_disk" "primary" {
  name                      = "primary-region-disk"
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-central1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  replica_zones = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]
}

resource "google_compute_region_disk" "secondary" {
  name                      = "secondary-region-disk"
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-east1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  async_primary_disk {
    disk = google_compute_region_disk.primary.id
  }

  replica_zones = ["us-east1-b", "us-east1-c"]
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=region_disk_features&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Disk Features


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_disk" "regiondisk" {
  name                      = "my-region-features-disk"
  type                      = "pd-ssd"
  region                    = "us-central1"
  physical_block_size_bytes = 4096

  guest_os_features {
    type = "SECURE_BOOT"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "MULTI_IP_SUBNET"
  }

  guest_os_features {
    type = "WINDOWS"
  }

  licenses = ["https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/windows-cloud/global/licenses/windows-server-core"]

  replica_zones = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.

* `replica_zones` -
  (Required)
  URLs of the zones where the disk should be replicated to.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this disk.  A list of key->value pairs.

* `size` -
  (Optional)
  Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this
  field when creating a persistent disk using the sourceImage or
  sourceSnapshot parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty
  persistent disk.
  If you specify this field along with sourceImage or sourceSnapshot,
  the value of sizeGb must not be less than the size of the sourceImage
  or the size of the snapshot.

* `physical_block_size_bytes` -
  (Optional)
  Physical block size of the persistent disk, in bytes. If not present
  in a request, a default value is used. Currently supported sizes
  are 4096 and 16384, other sizes may be added in the future.
  If an unsupported value is requested, the error message will list
  the supported values for the caller's project.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  URL of the disk type resource describing which disk type to use to
  create the disk. Provide this when creating the disk.

* `interface` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html), Deprecated)
  Specifies the disk interface to use for attaching this disk, which is either SCSI or NVME. The default is SCSI.

  ~> **Warning:** `interface` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. This field is no longer used and can be safely removed from your configurations; disk interfaces are automatically determined on attachment.

* `source_disk` -
  (Optional)
  The source disk used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource.
  For example, the following are valid values:
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * projects/{project}/regions/{region}/disks/{disk}
  * zones/{zone}/disks/{disk}
  * regions/{region}/disks/{disk}

* `async_primary_disk` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_async_primary_disk).

* `guest_os_features` -
  (Optional)
  A list of features to enable on the guest operating system.
  Applicable only for bootable disks.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_guest_os_features).

* `licenses` -
  (Optional)
  Any applicable license URI.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the region where the disk resides.

* `disk_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  Encrypts the disk using a customer-supplied encryption key.
  After you encrypt a disk with a customer-supplied key, you must
  provide the same key if you use the disk later (e.g. to create a disk
  snapshot or an image, or to attach the disk to a virtual machine).
  Customer-supplied encryption keys do not protect access to metadata of
  the disk.
  If you do not provide an encryption key when creating the disk, then
  the disk will be encrypted using an automatically generated key and
  you do not need to provide a key to use the disk later.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_disk_encryption_key).

* `snapshot` -
  (Optional)
  The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as
  a partial or full URL to the resource. For example, the following are
  valid values:
  * `https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `global/snapshots/snapshot`
  * `snapshot`

* `source_snapshot_encryption_key` -
  (Optional)
  The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required
  if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption
  key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_async_primary_disk"></a>The `async_primary_disk` block supports:

* `disk` -
  (Required)
  Primary disk for asynchronous disk replication.

<a name="nested_guest_os_features"></a>The `guest_os_features` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of supported feature. Read [Enabling guest operating system features](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/create-delete-deprecate-private-images#guest-os-features) to see a list of available options.
  Possible values are: `MULTI_IP_SUBNET`, `SECURE_BOOT`, `SEV_CAPABLE`, `UEFI_COMPATIBLE`, `VIRTIO_SCSI_MULTIQUEUE`, `WINDOWS`, `GVNIC`, `SEV_LIVE_MIGRATABLE`, `SEV_SNP_CAPABLE`, `SUSPEND_RESUME_COMPATIBLE`, `TDX_CAPABLE`.

<a name="nested_disk_encryption_key"></a>The `disk_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.

<a name="nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key"></a>The `source_snapshot_encryption_key` block supports:

* `raw_key` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in
  RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.

* `sha256` -
  (Output)
  The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied
  encryption key that protects this resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/disks/{{name}}`

* `label_fingerprint` -
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_attach_timestamp` -
  Last attach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `last_detach_timestamp` -
  Last detach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `users` -
  Links to the users of the disk (attached instances) in form:
  project/zones/zone/instances/instance

* `source_disk_id` -
  The ID value of the disk used to create this image. This value may
  be used to determine whether the image was taken from the current
  or a previous instance of a given disk name.

* `source_snapshot_id` -
  The unique ID of the snapshot used to create this disk. This value
  identifies the exact snapshot that was used to create this persistent
  disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from a snapshot
  that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source
  snapshot ID would identify the exact version of the snapshot that was
  used.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RegionDisk can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/disks/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_disk.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
