website/docs/r/compute_region_target_https_proxy.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a RegionTargetHttpsProxy resource, which is used by one or more
  forwarding rules to route incoming HTTPS requests to a URL map.
---

# google_compute_region_target_https_proxy

Represents a RegionTargetHttpsProxy resource, which is used by one or more
forwarding rules to route incoming HTTPS requests to a URL map.


To get more information about RegionTargetHttpsProxy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionTargetHttpsProxies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/http/target-proxies)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=region_target_https_proxy_basic&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Target Https Proxy Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_target_https_proxy" "default" {
  region           = "us-central1"
  name             = "test-proxy"
  url_map          = google_compute_region_url_map.default.id
  ssl_certificates = [google_compute_region_ssl_certificate.default.id]
}

resource "google_compute_region_ssl_certificate" "default" {
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "my-certificate"
  private_key = file("path/to/private.key")
  certificate = file("path/to/certificate.crt")
}

resource "google_compute_region_url_map" "default" {
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "url-map"
  description = "a description"

  default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

  host_rule {
    hosts        = ["mysite.com"]
    path_matcher = "allpaths"
  }

  path_matcher {
    name            = "allpaths"
    default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

    path_rule {
      paths   = ["/*"]
      service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_backend_service" "default" {
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "backend-service"
  protocol    = "HTTP"
  load_balancing_scheme = "INTERNAL_MANAGED"
  timeout_sec = 10

  health_checks = [google_compute_region_health_check.default.id]
}

resource "google_compute_region_health_check" "default" {
  region = "us-central1"
  name   = "http-health-check"
  http_health_check {
    port = 80
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=region_target_https_proxy_mtls&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Target Https Proxy Mtls


```hcl
data "google_project" "project" {
  provider = google-beta
}

resource "google_compute_region_target_https_proxy" "default" {
  provider          = google-beta
  region           = "us-central1"
  name              = "test-mtls-proxy"
  url_map           = google_compute_region_url_map.default.id
  ssl_certificates  = [google_compute_region_ssl_certificate.default.id]
  server_tls_policy = google_network_security_server_tls_policy.default.id
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_trust_config" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  location    = "us-central1"
  name        = "my-trust-config"
  description = "sample description for trust config"

  trust_stores {
    trust_anchors {
      pem_certificate = file("test-fixtures/ca_cert.pem")
    }
    intermediate_cas {
      pem_certificate = file("test-fixtures/ca_cert.pem")
    }
  }

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}

resource "google_network_security_server_tls_policy" "default" {
  provider               = google-beta
  location               = "us-central1"
  name                   = "my-tls-policy"
  description            = "my description"
  allow_open             = "false"
  mtls_policy {
    client_validation_mode = "REJECT_INVALID"
    client_validation_trust_config = "projects/${data.google_project.project.number}/locations/us-central1/trustConfigs/${google_certificate_manager_trust_config.default.name}"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_ssl_certificate" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "my-certificate"
  private_key = file("path/to/private.key")
  certificate = file("path/to/certificate.crt")
}

resource "google_compute_region_url_map" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "url-map"
  description = "a description"

  default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

  host_rule {
    hosts        = ["mysite.com"]
    path_matcher = "allpaths"
  }

  path_matcher {
    name            = "allpaths"
    default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

    path_rule {
      paths   = ["/*"]
      service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_backend_service" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "backend-service"
  port_name   = "http"
  protocol    = "HTTP"
  timeout_sec = 10

  load_balancing_scheme = "INTERNAL_MANAGED"

  health_checks = [google_compute_region_health_check.default.id]
}

resource "google_compute_region_health_check" "default" {
  provider           = google-beta
  region             = "us-central1"
  name               = "http-health-check"
  check_interval_sec = 1
  timeout_sec        = 1

  http_health_check {
    port = 80
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=region_target_https_proxy_certificate_manager_certificate&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Target Https Proxy Certificate Manager Certificate


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_target_https_proxy" "default" {
  name                             = "target-http-proxy"
  url_map                          = google_compute_region_url_map.default.id
  certificate_manager_certificates =  ["//certificatemanager.googleapis.com/${google_certificate_manager_certificate.default.id}"] # [google_certificate_manager_certificate.default.id] is also acceptable
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate" "default" {
  name              = "my-certificate"
  location          = "us-central1"
  self_managed {
    pem_certificate = file("test-fixtures/cert.pem")
    pem_private_key = file("test-fixtures/private-key.pem")                                                                                                                
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_url_map" "default" {
  name            = "url-map"
  default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id
  region          = "us-central1"
}

resource "google_compute_region_backend_service" "default" {
  name                  = "backend-service"
  region                = "us-central1"
  protocol              = "HTTPS"
  timeout_sec           = 30
  load_balancing_scheme = "INTERNAL_MANAGED"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.

* `url_map` -
  (Required)
  A reference to the RegionUrlMap resource that defines the mapping from URL
  to the RegionBackendService.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `certificate_manager_certificates` -
  (Optional)
  URLs to certificate manager certificate resources that are used to authenticate connections between users and the load balancer.
  sslCertificates and certificateManagerCertificates can't be defined together.
  Accepted format is `//certificatemanager.googleapis.com/projects/{project}/locations/{location}/certificates/{resourceName}` or just the self_link `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/certificates/{resourceName}`

* `ssl_certificates` -
  (Optional)
  URLs to SslCertificate resources that are used to authenticate connections between users and the load balancer.
  At least one SSL certificate must be specified. Currently, you may specify up to 15 SSL certificates.
  sslCertificates do not apply when the load balancing scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.

* `ssl_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the Region SslPolicy resource that will be associated with
  the TargetHttpsProxy resource. If not set, the TargetHttpsProxy
  resource will not have any SSL policy configured.

* `server_tls_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A URL referring to a networksecurity.ServerTlsPolicy
  resource that describes how the proxy should authenticate inbound
  traffic. serverTlsPolicy only applies to a global TargetHttpsProxy
  attached to globalForwardingRules with the loadBalancingScheme
  set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED or EXTERNAL or EXTERNAL_MANAGED.
  For details which ServerTlsPolicy resources are accepted with
  INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED and which with EXTERNAL, EXTERNAL_MANAGED
  loadBalancingScheme consult ServerTlsPolicy documentation.
  If left blank, communications are not encrypted.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The Region in which the created target https proxy should reside.
  If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `proxy_id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RegionTargetHttpsProxy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import RegionTargetHttpsProxy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), RegionTargetHttpsProxy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Add update support to serverTlsPolicy field in region_target_https_proxy (#11184) (#7891)
[upstream:6a47cfca3e04805dee20faa1febfe3da05eb79a6]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_region_target_https_proxy.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a RegionTargetHttpsProxy resource, which is used by one or more
  forwarding rules to route incoming HTTPS requests to a URL map.
---

# google_compute_region_target_https_proxy

Represents a RegionTargetHttpsProxy resource, which is used by one or more
forwarding rules to route incoming HTTPS requests to a URL map.


To get more information about RegionTargetHttpsProxy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionTargetHttpsProxies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/http/target-proxies)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=region_target_https_proxy_basic&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Target Https Proxy Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_target_https_proxy" "default" {
  region           = "us-central1"
  name             = "test-proxy"
  url_map          = google_compute_region_url_map.default.id
  ssl_certificates = [google_compute_region_ssl_certificate.default.id]
}

resource "google_compute_region_ssl_certificate" "default" {
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "my-certificate"
  private_key = file("path/to/private.key")
  certificate = file("path/to/certificate.crt")
}

resource "google_compute_region_url_map" "default" {
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "url-map"
  description = "a description"

  default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

  host_rule {
    hosts        = ["mysite.com"]
    path_matcher = "allpaths"
  }

  path_matcher {
    name            = "allpaths"
    default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

    path_rule {
      paths   = ["/*"]
      service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_backend_service" "default" {
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "backend-service"
  protocol    = "HTTP"
  load_balancing_scheme = "INTERNAL_MANAGED"
  timeout_sec = 10

  health_checks = [google_compute_region_health_check.default.id]
}

resource "google_compute_region_health_check" "default" {
  region = "us-central1"
  name   = "http-health-check"
  http_health_check {
    port = 80
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=region_target_https_proxy_mtls&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Target Https Proxy Mtls


```hcl
data "google_project" "project" {
  provider = google-beta
}

resource "google_compute_region_target_https_proxy" "default" {
  provider          = google-beta
  region           = "us-central1"
  name              = "test-mtls-proxy"
  url_map           = google_compute_region_url_map.default.id
  ssl_certificates  = [google_compute_region_ssl_certificate.default.id]
  server_tls_policy = google_network_security_server_tls_policy.default.id
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_trust_config" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  location    = "us-central1"
  name        = "my-trust-config"
  description = "sample description for trust config"

  trust_stores {
    trust_anchors {
      pem_certificate = file("test-fixtures/ca_cert.pem")
    }
    intermediate_cas {
      pem_certificate = file("test-fixtures/ca_cert.pem")
    }
  }

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}

resource "google_network_security_server_tls_policy" "default" {
  provider               = google-beta
  location               = "us-central1"
  name                   = "my-tls-policy"
  description            = "my description"
  allow_open             = "false"
  mtls_policy {
    client_validation_mode = "REJECT_INVALID"
    client_validation_trust_config = "projects/${data.google_project.project.number}/locations/us-central1/trustConfigs/${google_certificate_manager_trust_config.default.name}"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_ssl_certificate" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "my-certificate"
  private_key = file("path/to/private.key")
  certificate = file("path/to/certificate.crt")
}

resource "google_compute_region_url_map" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "url-map"
  description = "a description"

  default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

  host_rule {
    hosts        = ["mysite.com"]
    path_matcher = "allpaths"
  }

  path_matcher {
    name            = "allpaths"
    default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id

    path_rule {
      paths   = ["/*"]
      service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_backend_service" "default" {
  provider    = google-beta
  region      = "us-central1"
  name        = "backend-service"
  port_name   = "http"
  protocol    = "HTTP"
  timeout_sec = 10

  load_balancing_scheme = "INTERNAL_MANAGED"

  health_checks = [google_compute_region_health_check.default.id]
}

resource "google_compute_region_health_check" "default" {
  provider           = google-beta
  region             = "us-central1"
  name               = "http-health-check"
  check_interval_sec = 1
  timeout_sec        = 1

  http_health_check {
    port = 80
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=region_target_https_proxy_certificate_manager_certificate&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Region Target Https Proxy Certificate Manager Certificate


```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_target_https_proxy" "default" {
  name                             = "target-http-proxy"
  url_map                          = google_compute_region_url_map.default.id
  certificate_manager_certificates =  ["//certificatemanager.googleapis.com/${google_certificate_manager_certificate.default.id}"] # [google_certificate_manager_certificate.default.id] is also acceptable
}

resource "google_certificate_manager_certificate" "default" {
  name              = "my-certificate"
  location          = "us-central1"
  self_managed {
    pem_certificate = file("test-fixtures/cert.pem")
    pem_private_key = file("test-fixtures/private-key.pem")                                                                                                                
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_url_map" "default" {
  name            = "url-map"
  default_service = google_compute_region_backend_service.default.id
  region          = "us-central1"
}

resource "google_compute_region_backend_service" "default" {
  name                  = "backend-service"
  region                = "us-central1"
  protocol              = "HTTPS"
  timeout_sec           = 30
  load_balancing_scheme = "INTERNAL_MANAGED"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.

* `url_map` -
  (Required)
  A reference to the RegionUrlMap resource that defines the mapping from URL
  to the RegionBackendService.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `certificate_manager_certificates` -
  (Optional)
  URLs to certificate manager certificate resources that are used to authenticate connections between users and the load balancer.
  sslCertificates and certificateManagerCertificates can't be defined together.
  Accepted format is `//certificatemanager.googleapis.com/projects/{project}/locations/{location}/certificates/{resourceName}` or just the self_link `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/certificates/{resourceName}`

* `ssl_certificates` -
  (Optional)
  URLs to SslCertificate resources that are used to authenticate connections between users and the load balancer.
  At least one SSL certificate must be specified. Currently, you may specify up to 15 SSL certificates.
  sslCertificates do not apply when the load balancing scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.

* `ssl_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the Region SslPolicy resource that will be associated with
  the TargetHttpsProxy resource. If not set, the TargetHttpsProxy
  resource will not have any SSL policy configured.

* `server_tls_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A URL referring to a networksecurity.ServerTlsPolicy
  resource that describes how the proxy should authenticate inbound
  traffic. serverTlsPolicy only applies to a global TargetHttpsProxy
  attached to globalForwardingRules with the loadBalancingScheme
  set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED or EXTERNAL or EXTERNAL_MANAGED.
  For details which ServerTlsPolicy resources are accepted with
  INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED and which with EXTERNAL, EXTERNAL_MANAGED
  loadBalancingScheme consult ServerTlsPolicy documentation.
  If left blank, communications are not encrypted.
  If you remove this field from your configuration at the same time as
  deleting or recreating a referenced ServerTlsPolicy resource, you will
  receive a resourceInUseByAnotherResource error. Use lifecycle.create_before_destroy
  within the ServerTlsPolicy resource to avoid this.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The Region in which the created target https proxy should reside.
  If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `proxy_id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RegionTargetHttpsProxy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import RegionTargetHttpsProxy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), RegionTargetHttpsProxy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/targetHttpsProxies/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_target_https_proxy.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
