website/docs/r/compute_router.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a Router resource.
---

# google\_compute\_router

Represents a Router resource.


To get more information about Router, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/routers)
* How-to Guides
    * [Google Cloud Router](https://cloud.google.com/router/docs/)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=router_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Router Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_router" "foobar" {
  name    = "my-router"
  network = google_compute_network.foobar.name
  bgp {
    asn               = 64514
    advertise_mode    = "CUSTOM"
    advertised_groups = ["ALL_SUBNETS"]
    advertised_ip_ranges {
      range = "1.2.3.4"
    }
    advertised_ip_ranges {
      range = "6.7.0.0/16"
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "foobar" {
  name                    = "my-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=compute_router_encrypted_interconnect&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Compute Router Encrypted Interconnect


```hcl
resource "google_compute_router" "encrypted-interconnect-router" {
  name                          = "test-router"
  network                       = google_compute_network.network.name
  encrypted_interconnect_router = true
  bgp {
    asn = 64514
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "network" {
  name                    = "test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and
  comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters
  long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?`
  which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all
  following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit,
  except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

* `network` -
  (Required)
  A reference to the network to which this router belongs.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `bgp` -
  (Optional)
  BGP information specific to this router.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_bgp).

* `encrypted_interconnect_router` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates if a router is dedicated for use with encrypted VLAN
  attachments (interconnectAttachments).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Region where the router resides.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_bgp"></a>The `bgp` block supports:

* `asn` -
  (Required)
  Local BGP Autonomous System Number (ASN). Must be an RFC6996
  private ASN, either 16-bit or 32-bit. The value will be fixed for
  this router resource. All VPN tunnels that link to this router
  will have the same local ASN.

* `advertise_mode` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified flag to indicate which mode to use for advertisement.
  Default value is `DEFAULT`.
  Possible values are: `DEFAULT`, `CUSTOM`.

* `advertised_groups` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified list of prefix groups to advertise in custom mode.
  This field can only be populated if advertiseMode is CUSTOM and
  is advertised to all peers of the router. These groups will be
  advertised in addition to any specified prefixes. Leave this field
  blank to advertise no custom groups.
  This enum field has the one valid value: ALL_SUBNETS

* `advertised_ip_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified list of individual IP ranges to advertise in
  custom mode. This field can only be populated if advertiseMode
  is CUSTOM and is advertised to all peers of the router. These IP
  ranges will be advertised in addition to any specified groups.
  Leave this field blank to advertise no custom IP ranges.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_advertised_ip_ranges).

* `keepalive_interval` -
  (Optional)
  The interval in seconds between BGP keepalive messages that are sent
  to the peer. Hold time is three times the interval at which keepalive
  messages are sent, and the hold time is the maximum number of seconds
  allowed to elapse between successive keepalive messages that BGP
  receives from a peer.
  BGP will use the smaller of either the local hold time value or the
  peer's hold time value as the hold time for the BGP connection
  between the two peers. If set, this value must be between 20 and 60.
  The default is 20.


<a name="nested_advertised_ip_ranges"></a>The `advertised_ip_ranges` block supports:

* `range` -
  (Required)
  The IP range to advertise. The value must be a
  CIDR-formatted string.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified description for the IP range.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Router can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Router using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_router.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Router can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Adding ipv6 support for bgp router peer, router interface and router (#10375) (#7207)
[upstream:4838a3707d954dd1f8187968266ef7e4623d3416]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/compute_router.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a Router resource.
---

# google\_compute\_router

Represents a Router resource.


To get more information about Router, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/routers)
* How-to Guides
    * [Google Cloud Router](https://cloud.google.com/router/docs/)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=router_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Router Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_router" "foobar" {
  name    = "my-router"
  network = google_compute_network.foobar.name
  bgp {
    asn               = 64514
    advertise_mode    = "CUSTOM"
    advertised_groups = ["ALL_SUBNETS"]
    advertised_ip_ranges {
      range = "1.2.3.4"
    }
    advertised_ip_ranges {
      range = "6.7.0.0/16"
    }
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "foobar" {
  name                    = "my-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=compute_router_encrypted_interconnect&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Compute Router Encrypted Interconnect


```hcl
resource "google_compute_router" "encrypted-interconnect-router" {
  name                          = "test-router"
  network                       = google_compute_network.network.name
  encrypted_interconnect_router = true
  bgp {
    asn = 64514
  }
}

resource "google_compute_network" "network" {
  name                    = "test-network"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and
  comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters
  long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?`
  which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all
  following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit,
  except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

* `network` -
  (Required)
  A reference to the network to which this router belongs.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `bgp` -
  (Optional)
  BGP information specific to this router.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_bgp).

* `encrypted_interconnect_router` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates if a router is dedicated for use with encrypted VLAN
  attachments (interconnectAttachments).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Region where the router resides.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_bgp"></a>The `bgp` block supports:

* `asn` -
  (Required)
  Local BGP Autonomous System Number (ASN). Must be an RFC6996
  private ASN, either 16-bit or 32-bit. The value will be fixed for
  this router resource. All VPN tunnels that link to this router
  will have the same local ASN.

* `advertise_mode` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified flag to indicate which mode to use for advertisement.
  Default value is `DEFAULT`.
  Possible values are: `DEFAULT`, `CUSTOM`.

* `advertised_groups` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified list of prefix groups to advertise in custom mode.
  This field can only be populated if advertiseMode is CUSTOM and
  is advertised to all peers of the router. These groups will be
  advertised in addition to any specified prefixes. Leave this field
  blank to advertise no custom groups.
  This enum field has the one valid value: ALL_SUBNETS

* `advertised_ip_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified list of individual IP ranges to advertise in
  custom mode. This field can only be populated if advertiseMode
  is CUSTOM and is advertised to all peers of the router. These IP
  ranges will be advertised in addition to any specified groups.
  Leave this field blank to advertise no custom IP ranges.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_advertised_ip_ranges).

* `keepalive_interval` -
  (Optional)
  The interval in seconds between BGP keepalive messages that are sent
  to the peer. Hold time is three times the interval at which keepalive
  messages are sent, and the hold time is the maximum number of seconds
  allowed to elapse between successive keepalive messages that BGP
  receives from a peer.
  BGP will use the smaller of either the local hold time value or the
  peer's hold time value as the hold time for the BGP connection
  between the two peers. If set, this value must be between 20 and 60.
  The default is 20.

* `identifier_range` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Explicitly specifies a range of valid BGP Identifiers for this Router.
  It is provided as a link-local IPv4 range (from 169.254.0.0/16), of
  size at least /30, even if the BGP sessions are over IPv6. It must
  not overlap with any IPv4 BGP session ranges. Other vendors commonly
  call this router ID.


<a name="nested_advertised_ip_ranges"></a>The `advertised_ip_ranges` block supports:

* `range` -
  (Required)
  The IP range to advertise. The value must be a
  CIDR-formatted string.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified description for the IP range.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Router can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Router using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_router.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Router can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/routers/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_router.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
