website/docs/r/data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Data loss prevention"
description: |-
  Allows creation of custom info types.
---

# google\_data\_loss\_prevention\_stored\_info\_type

Allows creation of custom info types.


To get more information about StoredInfoType, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/reference/rest/v2/projects.storedInfoTypes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/creating-stored-infotypes)

## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type Basic


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "basic" {
	parent = "projects/my-project-name"
	description = "Description"
	display_name = "Displayname"

	regex {
		pattern = "patient"
		group_indexes = [2]
	}
}
```
## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type Dictionary


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "dictionary" {
	parent = "projects/my-project-name"
	description = "Description"
	display_name = "Displayname"

	dictionary {
		word_list {
			words = ["word", "word2"]
		}
	}
}
```
## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type Large Custom Dictionary


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "large" {
	parent = "projects/my-project-name"
	description = "Description"
	display_name = "Displayname"

	large_custom_dictionary {
		cloud_storage_file_set {
			url = "gs://${google_storage_bucket.bucket.name}/${google_storage_bucket_object.object.name}"
		}
		output_path {
			path = "gs://${google_storage_bucket.bucket.name}/output/dictionary.txt"
		}
	}
}

resource "google_storage_bucket" "bucket" {
  name          = "tf-test-bucket"
  location      = "US"
  force_destroy = true
}

resource "google_storage_bucket_object" "object" {
  name   = "tf-test-object"
  bucket = google_storage_bucket.bucket.name
  source = "./test-fixtures/dlp/words.txt"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `parent` -
  (Required)
  The parent of the info type in any of the following formats:
  * `projects/{{project}}`
  * `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}`
  * `organizations/{{organization_id}}`
  * `organizations/{{organization_id}}/locations/{{location}}`


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the info type.

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User set display name of the info type.

* `regex` -
  (Optional)
  Regular expression which defines the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_regex).

* `dictionary` -
  (Optional)
  Dictionary which defines the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_dictionary).

* `large_custom_dictionary` -
  (Optional)
  Dictionary which defines the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_large_custom_dictionary).


<a name="nested_regex"></a>The `regex` block supports:

* `pattern` -
  (Required)
  Pattern defining the regular expression.
  Its syntax (https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) can be found under the google/re2 repository on GitHub.

* `group_indexes` -
  (Optional)
  The index of the submatch to extract as findings. When not specified, the entire match is returned. No more than 3 may be included.

<a name="nested_dictionary"></a>The `dictionary` block supports:

* `word_list` -
  (Optional)
  List of words or phrases to search for.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_word_list).

* `cloud_storage_path` -
  (Optional)
  Newline-delimited file of words in Cloud Storage. Only a single file is accepted.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_cloud_storage_path).


<a name="nested_word_list"></a>The `word_list` block supports:

* `words` -
  (Required)
  Words or phrases defining the dictionary. The dictionary must contain at least one
  phrase and every phrase must contain at least 2 characters that are letters or digits.

<a name="nested_cloud_storage_path"></a>The `cloud_storage_path` block supports:

* `path` -
  (Required)
  A url representing a file or path (no wildcards) in Cloud Storage. Example: `gs://[BUCKET_NAME]/dictionary.txt`

<a name="nested_large_custom_dictionary"></a>The `large_custom_dictionary` block supports:

* `output_path` -
  (Required)
  Location to store dictionary artifacts in Google Cloud Storage. These files will only be accessible by project owners and the DLP API.
  If any of these artifacts are modified, the dictionary is considered invalid and can no longer be used.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_output_path).

* `cloud_storage_file_set` -
  (Optional)
  Set of files containing newline-delimited lists of dictionary phrases.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_cloud_storage_file_set).

* `big_query_field` -
  (Optional)
  Field in a BigQuery table where each cell represents a dictionary phrase.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_big_query_field).


<a name="nested_output_path"></a>The `output_path` block supports:

* `path` -
  (Required)
  A url representing a file or path (no wildcards) in Cloud Storage. Example: `gs://[BUCKET_NAME]/dictionary.txt`

<a name="nested_cloud_storage_file_set"></a>The `cloud_storage_file_set` block supports:

* `url` -
  (Required)
  The url, in the format `gs://<bucket>/<path>`. Trailing wildcard in the path is allowed.

<a name="nested_big_query_field"></a>The `big_query_field` block supports:

* `table` -
  (Required)
  Field in a BigQuery table where each cell represents a dictionary phrase.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_table).

* `field` -
  (Required)
  Designated field in the BigQuery table.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_field).


<a name="nested_table"></a>The `table` block supports:

* `project_id` -
  (Required)
  The Google Cloud Platform project ID of the project containing the table.

* `dataset_id` -
  (Required)
  The dataset ID of the table.

* `table_id` -
  (Required)
  The name of the table.

<a name="nested_field"></a>The `field` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name describing the field.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/storedInfoTypes/{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of the info type. Set by the server.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


StoredInfoType can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type.default {{parent}}/storedInfoTypes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type.default {{parent}}/{{name}}
```

Commit message:

Added stored_info_type_id field in google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type (#8057) (#5708)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Data loss prevention"
description: |-
  Allows creation of custom info types.
---

# google\_data\_loss\_prevention\_stored\_info\_type

Allows creation of custom info types.


To get more information about StoredInfoType, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/reference/rest/v2/projects.storedInfoTypes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/creating-stored-infotypes)

## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type Basic


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "basic" {
	parent = "projects/my-project-name"
	description = "Description"
	display_name = "Displayname"

	regex {
		pattern = "patient"
		group_indexes = [2]
	}
}
```
## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type Dictionary


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "dictionary" {
	parent = "projects/my-project-name"
	description = "Description"
	display_name = "Displayname"

	dictionary {
		word_list {
			words = ["word", "word2"]
		}
	}
}
```
## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type Large Custom Dictionary


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "large" {
	parent = "projects/my-project-name"
	description = "Description"
	display_name = "Displayname"

	large_custom_dictionary {
		cloud_storage_file_set {
			url = "gs://${google_storage_bucket.bucket.name}/${google_storage_bucket_object.object.name}"
		}
		output_path {
			path = "gs://${google_storage_bucket.bucket.name}/output/dictionary.txt"
		}
	}
}

resource "google_storage_bucket" "bucket" {
  name          = "tf-test-bucket"
  location      = "US"
  force_destroy = true
}

resource "google_storage_bucket_object" "object" {
  name   = "tf-test-object"
  bucket = google_storage_bucket.bucket.name
  source = "./test-fixtures/dlp/words.txt"
}
```
## Example Usage - Dlp Stored Info Type With Id


```hcl
resource "google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type" "with_stored_info_type_id" {
  parent = "projects/my-project-name"
  description = "Description"
  display_name = "Displayname"
  stored_info_type_id = "id-"

  regex {
    pattern = "patient"
    group_indexes = [2]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `parent` -
  (Required)
  The parent of the info type in any of the following formats:
  * `projects/{{project}}`
  * `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}`
  * `organizations/{{organization_id}}`
  * `organizations/{{organization_id}}/locations/{{location}}`


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the info type.

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User set display name of the info type.

* `stored_info_type_id` -
  (Optional)
  The storedInfoType ID can contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens;
  that is, it must match the regular expression: [a-zA-Z\d-_]+. The maximum length is 100
  characters. Can be empty to allow the system to generate one.

* `regex` -
  (Optional)
  Regular expression which defines the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_regex).

* `dictionary` -
  (Optional)
  Dictionary which defines the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_dictionary).

* `large_custom_dictionary` -
  (Optional)
  Dictionary which defines the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_large_custom_dictionary).


<a name="nested_regex"></a>The `regex` block supports:

* `pattern` -
  (Required)
  Pattern defining the regular expression.
  Its syntax (https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) can be found under the google/re2 repository on GitHub.

* `group_indexes` -
  (Optional)
  The index of the submatch to extract as findings. When not specified, the entire match is returned. No more than 3 may be included.

<a name="nested_dictionary"></a>The `dictionary` block supports:

* `word_list` -
  (Optional)
  List of words or phrases to search for.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_word_list).

* `cloud_storage_path` -
  (Optional)
  Newline-delimited file of words in Cloud Storage. Only a single file is accepted.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_cloud_storage_path).


<a name="nested_word_list"></a>The `word_list` block supports:

* `words` -
  (Required)
  Words or phrases defining the dictionary. The dictionary must contain at least one
  phrase and every phrase must contain at least 2 characters that are letters or digits.

<a name="nested_cloud_storage_path"></a>The `cloud_storage_path` block supports:

* `path` -
  (Required)
  A url representing a file or path (no wildcards) in Cloud Storage. Example: `gs://[BUCKET_NAME]/dictionary.txt`

<a name="nested_large_custom_dictionary"></a>The `large_custom_dictionary` block supports:

* `output_path` -
  (Required)
  Location to store dictionary artifacts in Google Cloud Storage. These files will only be accessible by project owners and the DLP API.
  If any of these artifacts are modified, the dictionary is considered invalid and can no longer be used.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_output_path).

* `cloud_storage_file_set` -
  (Optional)
  Set of files containing newline-delimited lists of dictionary phrases.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_cloud_storage_file_set).

* `big_query_field` -
  (Optional)
  Field in a BigQuery table where each cell represents a dictionary phrase.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_big_query_field).


<a name="nested_output_path"></a>The `output_path` block supports:

* `path` -
  (Required)
  A url representing a file or path (no wildcards) in Cloud Storage. Example: `gs://[BUCKET_NAME]/dictionary.txt`

<a name="nested_cloud_storage_file_set"></a>The `cloud_storage_file_set` block supports:

* `url` -
  (Required)
  The url, in the format `gs://<bucket>/<path>`. Trailing wildcard in the path is allowed.

<a name="nested_big_query_field"></a>The `big_query_field` block supports:

* `table` -
  (Required)
  Field in a BigQuery table where each cell represents a dictionary phrase.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_table).

* `field` -
  (Required)
  Designated field in the BigQuery table.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_field).


<a name="nested_table"></a>The `table` block supports:

* `project_id` -
  (Required)
  The Google Cloud Platform project ID of the project containing the table.

* `dataset_id` -
  (Required)
  The dataset ID of the table.

* `table_id` -
  (Required)
  The name of the table.

<a name="nested_field"></a>The `field` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name describing the field.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/storedInfoTypes/{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of the info type. Set by the server.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


StoredInfoType can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type.default {{parent}}/storedInfoTypes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_data_loss_prevention_stored_info_type.default {{parent}}/{{name}}
```
