website/docs/r/dataplex_task.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Dataplex"
description: |-
  A Dataplex task represents the work that you want Dataplex to do on a schedule.
---

# google\_dataplex\_task

A Dataplex task represents the work that you want Dataplex to do on a schedule. It encapsulates code, parameters, and the schedule.


To get more information about Task, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.lakes.tasks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs)

## Example Usage - Dataplex Task Basic


```hcl
data "google_project" "project" {

}

resource "google_dataplex_lake" "example" {
  name         = "tf-test-lake%{random_suffix}"
  location     = "us-central1"
  project = "my-project-name"
}


resource "google_dataplex_task" "example" {

    task_id      = "tf-test-task%{random_suffix}"
    location     = "us-central1"
    lake         = google_dataplex_lake.example.name
    
    description = "Test Task Basic"
    
    display_name = "task-basic"

    labels = { "count": "3" }

    trigger_spec  {
        type = "RECURRING"
        disabled = false
        max_retries = 3
        start_time = "2023-10-02T15:01:23Z"
        schedule = "1 * * * *"
    }
    
    execution_spec {
        service_account = "${data.google_project.project.number}-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com"
        project = "my-project-name"
        max_job_execution_lifetime = "100s"
        kms_key = "234jn2kjn42k3n423"
    }
    
    spark {
        python_script_file = "gs://dataproc-examples/pyspark/hello-world/hello-world.py"

    }
    
    project = "my-project-name"
    
}
```
## Example Usage - Dataplex Task Spark


```hcl
# VPC network
resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
    name                    = "tf-test-workstation-cluster%{random_suffix}"
    auto_create_subnetworks = true
}

data "google_project" "project" {

}

resource "google_dataplex_lake" "example_spark" {
  name         = "tf-test-lake%{random_suffix}"
  location     = "us-central1"
  project = "my-project-name"
}


resource "google_dataplex_task" "example_spark" {

    task_id      = "tf-test-task%{random_suffix}"
    location     = "us-central1"
    lake         = google_dataplex_lake.example_spark.name
    trigger_spec  {
        type = "ON_DEMAND"
    }
    
    description = "task-spark-terraform"

    execution_spec {
        service_account = "${data.google_project.project.number}-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com"
        args = {
            TASK_ARGS  = "--output_location,gs://spark-job/task-result, --output_format, json"
        }

    }
    
    spark {
        infrastructure_spec  {
            batch {
                executors_count = 2
                max_executors_count = 100
            }
            container_image {
                image = "test-image"
                java_jars = ["test-java-jars.jar"]
                python_packages = ["gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz"]
                properties = { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }
            }
            vpc_network  {
                    network_tags = ["test-network-tag"]
                    sub_network = google_compute_network.default.id
                }
        }
        file_uris = ["gs://terrafrom-test/test.csv"]
        archive_uris = ["gs://terraform-test/test.csv"]
        sql_script = "show databases"
    }
    
    project = "my-project-name"
    
}
```
## Example Usage - Dataplex Task Notebook


```hcl
# VPC network
resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
    name                    = "tf-test-workstation-cluster%{random_suffix}"
    auto_create_subnetworks = true
}


data "google_project" "project" {

}

resource "google_dataplex_lake" "example_notebook" {
  name         = "tf-test-lake%{random_suffix}"
  location     = "us-central1"
  project = "my-project-name"
}


resource "google_dataplex_task" "example_notebook" {

    task_id      = "tf-test-task%{random_suffix}"
    location     = "us-central1"
    lake         = google_dataplex_lake.example_notebook.name
    trigger_spec  {
        type = "RECURRING"
        schedule = "1 * * * *"
    }
    
    execution_spec {
        service_account = "${data.google_project.project.number}-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com"
        args = {
            TASK_ARGS  = "--output_location,gs://spark-job-jars-anrajitha/task-result, --output_format, json"
        }
    }
    notebook {
        notebook = "gs://terraform-test/test-notebook.ipynb"
        infrastructure_spec  {
            batch {
                executors_count = 2
                max_executors_count = 100
            }
            container_image {
                image = "test-image"
                java_jars = ["test-java-jars.jar"]
                python_packages = ["gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz"]
                properties = { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }
            }
            vpc_network  {
                    network_tags = ["test-network-tag"]
                    network = google_compute_network.default.id
                }
        }
        file_uris = ["gs://terraform-test/test.csv"]
        archive_uris = ["gs://terraform-test/test.csv"]

    }
    project = "my-project-name"
    
    
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `trigger_spec` -
  (Required)
  Configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_trigger_spec).

* `execution_spec` -
  (Required)
  Configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_execution_spec).


<a name="nested_trigger_spec"></a>The `trigger_spec` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Required)
  Trigger type of the user-specified Task
  Possible values are: `ON_DEMAND`, `RECURRING`.

* `start_time` -
  (Optional)
  The first run of the task will be after this time. If not specified, the task will run shortly after being submitted if ON_DEMAND and based on the schedule if RECURRING.

* `disabled` -
  (Optional)
  Prevent the task from executing. This does not cancel already running tasks. It is intended to temporarily disable RECURRING tasks.

* `max_retries` -
  (Optional)
  Number of retry attempts before aborting. Set to zero to never attempt to retry a failed task.

* `schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Cron schedule (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) for running tasks periodically. To explicitly set a timezone to the cron tab, apply a prefix in the cron tab: 'CRON_TZ=${IANA_TIME_ZONE}' or 'TZ=${IANA_TIME_ZONE}'. The ${IANA_TIME_ZONE} may only be a valid string from IANA time zone database. For example, CRON_TZ=America/New_York 1 * * * *, or TZ=America/New_York 1 * * * *. This field is required for RECURRING tasks.

<a name="nested_execution_spec"></a>The `execution_spec` block supports:

* `args` -
  (Optional)
  The arguments to pass to the task. The args can use placeholders of the format ${placeholder} as part of key/value string. These will be interpolated before passing the args to the driver. Currently supported placeholders: - ${taskId} - ${job_time} To pass positional args, set the key as TASK_ARGS. The value should be a comma-separated string of all the positional arguments. To use a delimiter other than comma, refer to https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/topic/escaping. In case of other keys being present in the args, then TASK_ARGS will be passed as the last argument. An object containing a list of 'key': value pairs. Example: { 'name': 'wrench', 'mass': '1.3kg', 'count': '3' }.

* `service_account` -
  (Required)
  Service account to use to execute a task. If not provided, the default Compute service account for the project is used.

* `project` -
  (Optional)
  The project in which jobs are run. By default, the project containing the Lake is used. If a project is provided, the ExecutionSpec.service_account must belong to this project.

* `max_job_execution_lifetime` -
  (Optional)
  The maximum duration after which the job execution is expired. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'. Example: '3.5s'.

* `kms_key` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud KMS key to use for encryption, of the form: projects/{project_number}/locations/{locationId}/keyRings/{key-ring-name}/cryptoKeys/{key-name}.

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  User-provided description of the task.

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User friendly display name.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-defined labels for the task.

* `spark` -
  (Optional)
  A service with manual scaling runs continuously, allowing you to perform complex initialization and rely on the state of its memory over time.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_spark).

* `notebook` -
  (Optional)
  A service with manual scaling runs continuously, allowing you to perform complex initialization and rely on the state of its memory over time.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notebook).

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The location in which the task will be created in.

* `lake` -
  (Optional)
  The lake in which the task will be created in.

* `task_id` -
  (Optional)
  The task Id of the task.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_spark"></a>The `spark` block supports:

* `file_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of files to be placed in the working directory of each executor.

* `archive_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of archives to be extracted into the working directory of each executor. Supported file types: .jar, .tar, .tar.gz, .tgz, and .zip.

* `infrastructure_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Infrastructure specification for the execution.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_infrastructure_spec).

* `main_jar_file_uri` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud Storage URI of the jar file that contains the main class. The execution args are passed in as a sequence of named process arguments (--key=value).

* `main_class` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the driver's main class. The jar file that contains the class must be in the default CLASSPATH or specified in jar_file_uris. The execution args are passed in as a sequence of named process arguments (--key=value).

* `python_script_file` -
  (Optional)
  The Gcloud Storage URI of the main Python file to use as the driver. Must be a .py file. The execution args are passed in as a sequence of named process arguments (--key=value).

* `sql_script_file` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to a query file. This can be the Cloud Storage URI of the query file or it can the path to a SqlScript Content. The execution args are used to declare a set of script variables (set key='value';).

* `sql_script` -
  (Optional)
  The query text. The execution args are used to declare a set of script variables (set key='value';).


<a name="nested_infrastructure_spec"></a>The `infrastructure_spec` block supports:

* `batch` -
  (Optional)
  Compute resources needed for a Task when using Dataproc Serverless.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_batch).

* `container_image` -
  (Optional)
  Container Image Runtime Configuration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_container_image).

* `vpc_network` -
  (Optional)
  Vpc network.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_vpc_network).


<a name="nested_batch"></a>The `batch` block supports:

* `executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Total number of job executors. Executor Count should be between 2 and 100. [Default=2]

* `max_executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Max configurable executors. If maxExecutorsCount > executorsCount, then auto-scaling is enabled. Max Executor Count should be between 2 and 1000. [Default=1000]

<a name="nested_container_image"></a>The `container_image` block supports:

* `image` -
  (Optional)
  Container image to use.

* `java_jars` -
  (Optional)
  A list of Java JARS to add to the classpath. Valid input includes Cloud Storage URIs to Jar binaries. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/file.jar

* `python_packages` -
  (Optional)
  A list of python packages to be installed. Valid formats include Cloud Storage URI to a PIP installable library. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz

* `properties` -
  (Optional)
  Override to common configuration of open source components installed on the Dataproc cluster. The properties to set on daemon config files. Property keys are specified in prefix:property format, for example core:hadoop.tmp.dir. For more information, see Cluster properties.

<a name="nested_vpc_network"></a>The `vpc_network` block supports:

* `network_tags` -
  (Optional)
  List of network tags to apply to the job.

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC network in which the job is run. By default, the Cloud VPC network named Default within the project is used.

* `sub_network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC sub-network in which the job is run.

<a name="nested_notebook"></a>The `notebook` block supports:

* `notebook` -
  (Required)
  Path to input notebook. This can be the Cloud Storage URI of the notebook file or the path to a Notebook Content. The execution args are accessible as environment variables (TASK_key=value).

* `infrastructure_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Infrastructure specification for the execution.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_infrastructure_spec).

* `file_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of files to be placed in the working directory of each executor.

* `archive_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of archives to be extracted into the working directory of each executor. Supported file types: .jar, .tar, .tar.gz, .tgz, and .zip.


<a name="nested_infrastructure_spec"></a>The `infrastructure_spec` block supports:

* `batch` -
  (Optional)
  Compute resources needed for a Task when using Dataproc Serverless.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_batch).

* `container_image` -
  (Optional)
  Container Image Runtime Configuration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_container_image).

* `vpc_network` -
  (Optional)
  Vpc network.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_vpc_network).


<a name="nested_batch"></a>The `batch` block supports:

* `executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Total number of job executors. Executor Count should be between 2 and 100. [Default=2]

* `max_executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Max configurable executors. If maxExecutorsCount > executorsCount, then auto-scaling is enabled. Max Executor Count should be between 2 and 1000. [Default=1000]

<a name="nested_container_image"></a>The `container_image` block supports:

* `image` -
  (Optional)
  Container image to use.

* `java_jars` -
  (Optional)
  A list of Java JARS to add to the classpath. Valid input includes Cloud Storage URIs to Jar binaries. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/file.jar

* `python_packages` -
  (Optional)
  A list of python packages to be installed. Valid formats include Cloud Storage URI to a PIP installable library. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz

* `properties` -
  (Optional)
  Override to common configuration of open source components installed on the Dataproc cluster. The properties to set on daemon config files. Property keys are specified in prefix:property format, for example core:hadoop.tmp.dir. For more information, see Cluster properties.

<a name="nested_vpc_network"></a>The `vpc_network` block supports:

* `network_tags` -
  (Optional)
  List of network tags to apply to the job.

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC network in which the job is run. By default, the Cloud VPC network named Default within the project is used.

* `sub_network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC sub-network in which the job is run.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{lake}}/tasks/{{task_id}}`

* `name` -
  The relative resource name of the task, of the form: projects/{project_number}/locations/{locationId}/lakes/{lakeId}/ tasks/{name}.

* `uid` -
  System generated globally unique ID for the task. This ID will be different if the task is deleted and re-created with the same name.

* `create_time` -
  The time when the task was created.

* `update_time` -
  The time when the task was last updated.

* `state` -
  Current state of the task.

* `execution_status` -
  Configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_execution_status).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_execution_status"></a>The `execution_status` block contains:

* `update_time` -
  (Output)
  Last update time of the status.

* `latest_job` -
  (Output)
  latest job execution.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_latest_job).


<a name="nested_latest_job"></a>The `latest_job` block contains:

* `name` -
  (Output)
  The relative resource name of the job, of the form: projects/{project_number}/locations/{locationId}/lakes/{lakeId}/tasks/{taskId}/jobs/{jobId}.

* `uid` -
  (Output)
  System generated globally unique ID for the job.

* `start_time` -
  (Output)
  The time when the job was started.

* `end_time` -
  (Output)
  The time when the job ended.

* `state` -
  (Output)
  Execution state for the job.

* `retry_count` -
  (Output)
  The number of times the job has been retried (excluding the initial attempt).

* `service` -
  (Output)
  The underlying service running a job.

* `service_job` -
  (Output)
  The full resource name for the job run under a particular service.

* `message` -
  (Output)
  Additional information about the current state.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 5 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 5 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 5 minutes.

## Import


Task can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_dataplex_task.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{lake}}/tasks/{{task_id}}
$ terraform import google_dataplex_task.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{lake}}/{{task_id}}
$ terraform import google_dataplex_task.default {{location}}/{{lake}}/{{task_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/dataplex_task.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Dataplex"
description: |-
  A Dataplex task represents the work that you want Dataplex to do on a schedule.
---

# google\_dataplex\_task

A Dataplex task represents the work that you want Dataplex to do on a schedule. It encapsulates code, parameters, and the schedule.


To get more information about Task, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.lakes.tasks)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs)

## Example Usage - Dataplex Task Basic


```hcl
data "google_project" "project" {

}

resource "google_dataplex_lake" "example" {
  name         = "tf-test-lake%{random_suffix}"
  location     = "us-central1"
  project = "my-project-name"
}


resource "google_dataplex_task" "example" {

    task_id      = "tf-test-task%{random_suffix}"
    location     = "us-central1"
    lake         = google_dataplex_lake.example.name
    
    description = "Test Task Basic"
    
    display_name = "task-basic"

    labels = { "count": "3" }

    trigger_spec  {
        type = "RECURRING"
        disabled = false
        max_retries = 3
        start_time = "2023-10-02T15:01:23Z"
        schedule = "1 * * * *"
    }
    
    execution_spec {
        service_account = "${data.google_project.project.number}-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com"
        project = "my-project-name"
        max_job_execution_lifetime = "100s"
        kms_key = "234jn2kjn42k3n423"
    }
    
    spark {
        python_script_file = "gs://dataproc-examples/pyspark/hello-world/hello-world.py"

    }
    
    project = "my-project-name"
    
}
```
## Example Usage - Dataplex Task Spark


```hcl
# VPC network
resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
    name                    = "tf-test-workstation-cluster%{random_suffix}"
    auto_create_subnetworks = true
}

data "google_project" "project" {

}

resource "google_dataplex_lake" "example_spark" {
  name         = "tf-test-lake%{random_suffix}"
  location     = "us-central1"
  project = "my-project-name"
}


resource "google_dataplex_task" "example_spark" {

    task_id      = "tf-test-task%{random_suffix}"
    location     = "us-central1"
    lake         = google_dataplex_lake.example_spark.name
    trigger_spec  {
        type = "ON_DEMAND"
    }
    
    description = "task-spark-terraform"

    execution_spec {
        service_account = "${data.google_project.project.number}-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com"
        args = {
            TASK_ARGS  = "--output_location,gs://spark-job/task-result, --output_format, json"
        }

    }
    
    spark {
        infrastructure_spec  {
            batch {
                executors_count = 2
                max_executors_count = 100
            }
            container_image {
                image = "test-image"
                java_jars = ["test-java-jars.jar"]
                python_packages = ["gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz"]
                properties = { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }
            }
            vpc_network  {
                    network_tags = ["test-network-tag"]
                    sub_network = google_compute_network.default.id
                }
        }
        file_uris = ["gs://terrafrom-test/test.csv"]
        archive_uris = ["gs://terraform-test/test.csv"]
        sql_script = "show databases"
    }
    
    project = "my-project-name"
    
}
```
## Example Usage - Dataplex Task Notebook


```hcl
# VPC network
resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
    name                    = "tf-test-workstation-cluster%{random_suffix}"
    auto_create_subnetworks = true
}


data "google_project" "project" {

}

resource "google_dataplex_lake" "example_notebook" {
  name         = "tf-test-lake%{random_suffix}"
  location     = "us-central1"
  project = "my-project-name"
}


resource "google_dataplex_task" "example_notebook" {

    task_id      = "tf-test-task%{random_suffix}"
    location     = "us-central1"
    lake         = google_dataplex_lake.example_notebook.name
    trigger_spec  {
        type = "RECURRING"
        schedule = "1 * * * *"
    }
    
    execution_spec {
        service_account = "${data.google_project.project.number}-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com"
        args = {
            TASK_ARGS  = "--output_location,gs://spark-job-jars-anrajitha/task-result, --output_format, json"
        }
    }
    notebook {
        notebook = "gs://terraform-test/test-notebook.ipynb"
        infrastructure_spec  {
            batch {
                executors_count = 2
                max_executors_count = 100
            }
            container_image {
                image = "test-image"
                java_jars = ["test-java-jars.jar"]
                python_packages = ["gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz"]
                properties = { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }
            }
            vpc_network  {
                    network_tags = ["test-network-tag"]
                    network = google_compute_network.default.id
                }
        }
        file_uris = ["gs://terraform-test/test.csv"]
        archive_uris = ["gs://terraform-test/test.csv"]

    }
    project = "my-project-name"
    
    
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `trigger_spec` -
  (Required)
  Configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_trigger_spec).

* `execution_spec` -
  (Required)
  Configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_execution_spec).


<a name="nested_trigger_spec"></a>The `trigger_spec` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Required)
  Trigger type of the user-specified Task
  Possible values are: `ON_DEMAND`, `RECURRING`.

* `start_time` -
  (Optional)
  The first run of the task will be after this time. If not specified, the task will run shortly after being submitted if ON_DEMAND and based on the schedule if RECURRING.

* `disabled` -
  (Optional)
  Prevent the task from executing. This does not cancel already running tasks. It is intended to temporarily disable RECURRING tasks.

* `max_retries` -
  (Optional)
  Number of retry attempts before aborting. Set to zero to never attempt to retry a failed task.

* `schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Cron schedule (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) for running tasks periodically. To explicitly set a timezone to the cron tab, apply a prefix in the cron tab: 'CRON_TZ=${IANA_TIME_ZONE}' or 'TZ=${IANA_TIME_ZONE}'. The ${IANA_TIME_ZONE} may only be a valid string from IANA time zone database. For example, CRON_TZ=America/New_York 1 * * * *, or TZ=America/New_York 1 * * * *. This field is required for RECURRING tasks.

<a name="nested_execution_spec"></a>The `execution_spec` block supports:

* `args` -
  (Optional)
  The arguments to pass to the task. The args can use placeholders of the format ${placeholder} as part of key/value string. These will be interpolated before passing the args to the driver. Currently supported placeholders: - ${taskId} - ${job_time} To pass positional args, set the key as TASK_ARGS. The value should be a comma-separated string of all the positional arguments. To use a delimiter other than comma, refer to https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/topic/escaping. In case of other keys being present in the args, then TASK_ARGS will be passed as the last argument. An object containing a list of 'key': value pairs. Example: { 'name': 'wrench', 'mass': '1.3kg', 'count': '3' }.

* `service_account` -
  (Required)
  Service account to use to execute a task. If not provided, the default Compute service account for the project is used.

* `project` -
  (Optional)
  The project in which jobs are run. By default, the project containing the Lake is used. If a project is provided, the ExecutionSpec.service_account must belong to this project.

* `max_job_execution_lifetime` -
  (Optional)
  The maximum duration after which the job execution is expired. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'. Example: '3.5s'.

* `kms_key` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud KMS key to use for encryption, of the form: projects/{project_number}/locations/{locationId}/keyRings/{key-ring-name}/cryptoKeys/{key-name}.

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  User-provided description of the task.

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User friendly display name.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-defined labels for the task.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `spark` -
  (Optional)
  A service with manual scaling runs continuously, allowing you to perform complex initialization and rely on the state of its memory over time.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_spark).

* `notebook` -
  (Optional)
  A service with manual scaling runs continuously, allowing you to perform complex initialization and rely on the state of its memory over time.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notebook).

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The location in which the task will be created in.

* `lake` -
  (Optional)
  The lake in which the task will be created in.

* `task_id` -
  (Optional)
  The task Id of the task.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_spark"></a>The `spark` block supports:

* `file_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of files to be placed in the working directory of each executor.

* `archive_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of archives to be extracted into the working directory of each executor. Supported file types: .jar, .tar, .tar.gz, .tgz, and .zip.

* `infrastructure_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Infrastructure specification for the execution.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_infrastructure_spec).

* `main_jar_file_uri` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud Storage URI of the jar file that contains the main class. The execution args are passed in as a sequence of named process arguments (--key=value).

* `main_class` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the driver's main class. The jar file that contains the class must be in the default CLASSPATH or specified in jar_file_uris. The execution args are passed in as a sequence of named process arguments (--key=value).

* `python_script_file` -
  (Optional)
  The Gcloud Storage URI of the main Python file to use as the driver. Must be a .py file. The execution args are passed in as a sequence of named process arguments (--key=value).

* `sql_script_file` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to a query file. This can be the Cloud Storage URI of the query file or it can the path to a SqlScript Content. The execution args are used to declare a set of script variables (set key='value';).

* `sql_script` -
  (Optional)
  The query text. The execution args are used to declare a set of script variables (set key='value';).


<a name="nested_infrastructure_spec"></a>The `infrastructure_spec` block supports:

* `batch` -
  (Optional)
  Compute resources needed for a Task when using Dataproc Serverless.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_batch).

* `container_image` -
  (Optional)
  Container Image Runtime Configuration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_container_image).

* `vpc_network` -
  (Optional)
  Vpc network.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_vpc_network).


<a name="nested_batch"></a>The `batch` block supports:

* `executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Total number of job executors. Executor Count should be between 2 and 100. [Default=2]

* `max_executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Max configurable executors. If maxExecutorsCount > executorsCount, then auto-scaling is enabled. Max Executor Count should be between 2 and 1000. [Default=1000]

<a name="nested_container_image"></a>The `container_image` block supports:

* `image` -
  (Optional)
  Container image to use.

* `java_jars` -
  (Optional)
  A list of Java JARS to add to the classpath. Valid input includes Cloud Storage URIs to Jar binaries. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/file.jar

* `python_packages` -
  (Optional)
  A list of python packages to be installed. Valid formats include Cloud Storage URI to a PIP installable library. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz

* `properties` -
  (Optional)
  Override to common configuration of open source components installed on the Dataproc cluster. The properties to set on daemon config files. Property keys are specified in prefix:property format, for example core:hadoop.tmp.dir. For more information, see Cluster properties.

<a name="nested_vpc_network"></a>The `vpc_network` block supports:

* `network_tags` -
  (Optional)
  List of network tags to apply to the job.

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC network in which the job is run. By default, the Cloud VPC network named Default within the project is used.

* `sub_network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC sub-network in which the job is run.

<a name="nested_notebook"></a>The `notebook` block supports:

* `notebook` -
  (Required)
  Path to input notebook. This can be the Cloud Storage URI of the notebook file or the path to a Notebook Content. The execution args are accessible as environment variables (TASK_key=value).

* `infrastructure_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Infrastructure specification for the execution.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_infrastructure_spec).

* `file_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of files to be placed in the working directory of each executor.

* `archive_uris` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage URIs of archives to be extracted into the working directory of each executor. Supported file types: .jar, .tar, .tar.gz, .tgz, and .zip.


<a name="nested_infrastructure_spec"></a>The `infrastructure_spec` block supports:

* `batch` -
  (Optional)
  Compute resources needed for a Task when using Dataproc Serverless.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_batch).

* `container_image` -
  (Optional)
  Container Image Runtime Configuration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_container_image).

* `vpc_network` -
  (Optional)
  Vpc network.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_vpc_network).


<a name="nested_batch"></a>The `batch` block supports:

* `executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Total number of job executors. Executor Count should be between 2 and 100. [Default=2]

* `max_executors_count` -
  (Optional)
  Max configurable executors. If maxExecutorsCount > executorsCount, then auto-scaling is enabled. Max Executor Count should be between 2 and 1000. [Default=1000]

<a name="nested_container_image"></a>The `container_image` block supports:

* `image` -
  (Optional)
  Container image to use.

* `java_jars` -
  (Optional)
  A list of Java JARS to add to the classpath. Valid input includes Cloud Storage URIs to Jar binaries. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/file.jar

* `python_packages` -
  (Optional)
  A list of python packages to be installed. Valid formats include Cloud Storage URI to a PIP installable library. For example, gs://bucket-name/my/path/to/lib.tar.gz

* `properties` -
  (Optional)
  Override to common configuration of open source components installed on the Dataproc cluster. The properties to set on daemon config files. Property keys are specified in prefix:property format, for example core:hadoop.tmp.dir. For more information, see Cluster properties.

<a name="nested_vpc_network"></a>The `vpc_network` block supports:

* `network_tags` -
  (Optional)
  List of network tags to apply to the job.

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC network in which the job is run. By default, the Cloud VPC network named Default within the project is used.

* `sub_network` -
  (Optional)
  The Cloud VPC sub-network in which the job is run.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{lake}}/tasks/{{task_id}}`

* `name` -
  The relative resource name of the task, of the form: projects/{project_number}/locations/{locationId}/lakes/{lakeId}/ tasks/{name}.

* `uid` -
  System generated globally unique ID for the task. This ID will be different if the task is deleted and re-created with the same name.

* `create_time` -
  The time when the task was created.

* `update_time` -
  The time when the task was last updated.

* `state` -
  Current state of the task.

* `execution_status` -
  Configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_execution_status).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_execution_status"></a>The `execution_status` block contains:

* `update_time` -
  (Output)
  Last update time of the status.

* `latest_job` -
  (Output)
  latest job execution.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_latest_job).


<a name="nested_latest_job"></a>The `latest_job` block contains:

* `name` -
  (Output)
  The relative resource name of the job, of the form: projects/{project_number}/locations/{locationId}/lakes/{lakeId}/tasks/{taskId}/jobs/{jobId}.

* `uid` -
  (Output)
  System generated globally unique ID for the job.

* `start_time` -
  (Output)
  The time when the job was started.

* `end_time` -
  (Output)
  The time when the job ended.

* `state` -
  (Output)
  Execution state for the job.

* `retry_count` -
  (Output)
  The number of times the job has been retried (excluding the initial attempt).

* `service` -
  (Output)
  The underlying service running a job.

* `service_job` -
  (Output)
  The full resource name for the job run under a particular service.

* `message` -
  (Output)
  Additional information about the current state.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 5 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 5 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 5 minutes.

## Import


Task can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_dataplex_task.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{lake}}/tasks/{{task_id}}
$ terraform import google_dataplex_task.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{lake}}/{{task_id}}
$ terraform import google_dataplex_task.default {{location}}/{{lake}}/{{task_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
