website/docs/r/data_catalog_taxonomy.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Data catalog"
description: |-
  A collection of policy tags that classify data along a common axis.
---

# google\_data\_catalog\_taxonomy

A collection of policy tags that classify data along a common axis.


To get more information about Taxonomy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.taxonomies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=data_catalog_taxonomy_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Data Catalog Taxonomy Basic


```hcl
resource "google_data_catalog_taxonomy" "basic_taxonomy" {
  display_name =  "my_taxonomy"
  description = "A collection of policy tags"
  activated_policy_types = ["FINE_GRAINED_ACCESS_CONTROL"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  User defined name of this taxonomy.
  It must: contain only unicode letters, numbers, underscores, dashes
  and spaces; not start or end with spaces; and be at most 200 bytes
  long when encoded in UTF-8.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of this taxonomy. It must: contain only unicode characters,
  tabs, newlines, carriage returns and page breaks; and be at most 2000 bytes
  long when encoded in UTF-8. If not set, defaults to an empty description.

* `activated_policy_types` -
  (Optional)
  A list of policy types that are activated for this taxonomy. If not set,
  defaults to an empty list.
  Each value may be one of: `POLICY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `FINE_GRAINED_ACCESS_CONTROL`.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Taxonomy location region.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Resource name of this taxonomy, whose format is:
  "projects/{project}/locations/{region}/taxonomies/{taxonomy}".


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Taxonomy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Taxonomy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_data_catalog_taxonomy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Taxonomy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_data_catalog_taxonomy.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Doc: Adding description of unique constraints on display_name argument (#9589) [upstream:4ca0c3ca2e512950578ecc500cba7e82bc5a13e6]
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/data_catalog_taxonomy.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Data catalog"
description: |-
  A collection of policy tags that classify data along a common axis.
---

# google\_data\_catalog\_taxonomy

A collection of policy tags that classify data along a common axis.


To get more information about Taxonomy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.taxonomies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=data_catalog_taxonomy_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Data Catalog Taxonomy Basic


```hcl
resource "google_data_catalog_taxonomy" "basic_taxonomy" {
  display_name =  "my_taxonomy"
  description = "A collection of policy tags"
  activated_policy_types = ["FINE_GRAINED_ACCESS_CONTROL"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  User defined name of this taxonomy.
  The taxonomy display name must be unique within an organization.
  It must: contain only unicode letters, numbers, underscores, dashes
  and spaces; not start or end with spaces; and be at most 200 bytes
  long when encoded in UTF-8.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of this taxonomy. It must: contain only unicode characters,
  tabs, newlines, carriage returns and page breaks; and be at most 2000 bytes
  long when encoded in UTF-8. If not set, defaults to an empty description.

* `activated_policy_types` -
  (Optional)
  A list of policy types that are activated for this taxonomy. If not set,
  defaults to an empty list.
  Each value may be one of: `POLICY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `FINE_GRAINED_ACCESS_CONTROL`.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Taxonomy location region.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Resource name of this taxonomy, whose format is:
  "projects/{project}/locations/{region}/taxonomies/{taxonomy}".


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Taxonomy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Taxonomy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_data_catalog_taxonomy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Taxonomy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_data_catalog_taxonomy.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
