website/docs/r/discovery_engine_data_store.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Discovery Engine"
description: |-
  Data store is a collection of websites and documents used to find answers for
  end-user's questions in Discovery Engine (a.
---

# google_discovery_engine_data_store

Data store is a collection of websites and documents used to find answers for
end-user's questions in Discovery Engine (a.k.a. Vertex AI Search and
Conversation).


To get more information about DataStore, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/generative-ai-app-builder/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.collections.dataStores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Create a search data store](https://cloud.google.com/generative-ai-app-builder/docs/create-data-store-es)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=discoveryengine_datastore_basic&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Discoveryengine Datastore Basic


```hcl
resource "google_discovery_engine_data_store" "basic" {
  location                    = "global"
  data_store_id               = "data-store-id"
  display_name                = "tf-test-structured-datastore"
  industry_vertical           = "GENERIC"
  content_config              = "NO_CONTENT"
  solution_types              = ["SOLUTION_TYPE_SEARCH"]
  create_advanced_site_search = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=discoveryengine_datastore_document_processing_config&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Discoveryengine Datastore Document Processing Config


```hcl
resource "google_discovery_engine_data_store" "document_processing_config" {
  location                    = "global"
  data_store_id               = "data-store-id"
  display_name                = "tf-test-structured-datastore"
  industry_vertical           = "GENERIC"
  content_config              = "NO_CONTENT"
  solution_types              = ["SOLUTION_TYPE_SEARCH"]
  create_advanced_site_search = false
  document_processing_config {
    default_parsing_config  {
      digital_parsing_config {}
    }
    parsing_config_overrides {
      file_type = "pdf"
      ocr_parsing_config {
        use_native_text = true
      }
    }
  }        
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  The display name of the data store. This field must be a UTF-8 encoded
  string with a length limit of 128 characters.

* `industry_vertical` -
  (Required)
  The industry vertical that the data store registers.
  Possible values are: `GENERIC`, `MEDIA`.

* `content_config` -
  (Required)
  The content config of the data store.
  Possible values are: `NO_CONTENT`, `CONTENT_REQUIRED`, `PUBLIC_WEBSITE`.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The geographic location where the data store should reside. The value can
  only be one of "global", "us" and "eu".

* `data_store_id` -
  (Required)
  The unique id of the data store.


- - -


* `solution_types` -
  (Optional)
  The solutions that the data store enrolls.
  Each value may be one of: `SOLUTION_TYPE_RECOMMENDATION`, `SOLUTION_TYPE_SEARCH`, `SOLUTION_TYPE_CHAT`.

* `document_processing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration for Document understanding and enrichment.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_document_processing_config).

* `create_advanced_site_search` -
  (Optional)
  If true, an advanced data store for site search will be created. If the
  data store is not configured as site search (GENERIC vertical and
  PUBLIC_WEBSITE contentConfig), this flag will be ignored.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_document_processing_config"></a>The `document_processing_config` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Output)
  The full resource name of the Document Processing Config. Format:
  `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/collections/{collection_id}/dataStores/{data_store_id}/documentProcessingConfig`.

* `default_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations for default Document parser. If not specified, this resource
  will be configured to use a default DigitalParsingConfig, and the default parsing
  config will be applied to all file types for Document parsing.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_default_parsing_config).

* `parsing_config_overrides` -
  (Optional)
  Map from file type to override the default parsing configuration based on the file type. Supported keys:
    * `pdf`: Override parsing config for PDF files, either digital parsing, ocr parsing or layout parsing is supported.
    * `html`: Override parsing config for HTML files, only digital parsing and or layout parsing are supported.
    * `docx`: Override parsing config for DOCX files, only digital parsing and or layout parsing are supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_parsing_config_overrides).


<a name="nested_default_parsing_config"></a>The `default_parsing_config` block supports:

* `digital_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to digital parser.

* `ocr_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to OCR parser. Currently it only applies to PDFs.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ocr_parsing_config).


<a name="nested_ocr_parsing_config"></a>The `ocr_parsing_config` block supports:

* `use_native_text` -
  (Optional)
  If true, will use native text instead of OCR text on pages containing native text.

<a name="nested_parsing_config_overrides"></a>The `parsing_config_overrides` block supports:

* `file_type` - (Required) The identifier for this object. Format specified above.

* `digital_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to digital parser.

* `ocr_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to OCR parser. Currently it only applies to PDFs.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ocr_parsing_config).


<a name="nested_ocr_parsing_config"></a>The `ocr_parsing_config` block supports:

* `use_native_text` -
  (Optional)
  If true, will use native text instead of OCR text on pages containing native text.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique full resource name of the data store. Values are of the format
  `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/collections/{collection_id}/dataStores/{data_store_id}`.
  This field must be a UTF-8 encoded string with a length limit of 1024
  characters.

* `default_schema_id` -
  The id of the default Schema associated with this data store.

* `create_time` -
  Timestamp when the DataStore was created.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


DataStore can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{data_store_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{data_store_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import DataStore using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}"
  to = google_discovery_engine_data_store.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), DataStore can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_discovery_engine_data_store.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}
$ terraform import google_discovery_engine_data_store.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{data_store_id}}
$ terraform import google_discovery_engine_data_store.default {{location}}/{{data_store_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Skip default schema while datastore creation (#11311) (#7900)
[upstream:95ad39b90ef375140e80f1d2bba8beba3a00ec03]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/discovery_engine_data_store.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Discovery Engine"
description: |-
  Data store is a collection of websites and documents used to find answers for
  end-user's questions in Discovery Engine (a.
---

# google_discovery_engine_data_store

Data store is a collection of websites and documents used to find answers for
end-user's questions in Discovery Engine (a.k.a. Vertex AI Search and
Conversation).


To get more information about DataStore, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/generative-ai-app-builder/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.collections.dataStores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Create a search data store](https://cloud.google.com/generative-ai-app-builder/docs/create-data-store-es)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=discoveryengine_datastore_basic&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Discoveryengine Datastore Basic


```hcl
resource "google_discovery_engine_data_store" "basic" {
  location                     = "global"
  data_store_id                = "data-store-id"
  display_name                 = "tf-test-structured-datastore"
  industry_vertical            = "GENERIC"
  content_config               = "NO_CONTENT"
  solution_types               = ["SOLUTION_TYPE_SEARCH"]
  create_advanced_site_search  = false
  skip_default_schema_creation = false
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=discoveryengine_datastore_document_processing_config&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Discoveryengine Datastore Document Processing Config


```hcl
resource "google_discovery_engine_data_store" "document_processing_config" {
  location                    = "global"
  data_store_id               = "data-store-id"
  display_name                = "tf-test-structured-datastore"
  industry_vertical           = "GENERIC"
  content_config              = "NO_CONTENT"
  solution_types              = ["SOLUTION_TYPE_SEARCH"]
  create_advanced_site_search = false
  document_processing_config {
    default_parsing_config  {
      digital_parsing_config {}
    }
    parsing_config_overrides {
      file_type = "pdf"
      ocr_parsing_config {
        use_native_text = true
      }
    }
  }        
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  The display name of the data store. This field must be a UTF-8 encoded
  string with a length limit of 128 characters.

* `industry_vertical` -
  (Required)
  The industry vertical that the data store registers.
  Possible values are: `GENERIC`, `MEDIA`.

* `content_config` -
  (Required)
  The content config of the data store.
  Possible values are: `NO_CONTENT`, `CONTENT_REQUIRED`, `PUBLIC_WEBSITE`.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The geographic location where the data store should reside. The value can
  only be one of "global", "us" and "eu".

* `data_store_id` -
  (Required)
  The unique id of the data store.


- - -


* `solution_types` -
  (Optional)
  The solutions that the data store enrolls.
  Each value may be one of: `SOLUTION_TYPE_RECOMMENDATION`, `SOLUTION_TYPE_SEARCH`, `SOLUTION_TYPE_CHAT`.

* `document_processing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration for Document understanding and enrichment.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_document_processing_config).

* `create_advanced_site_search` -
  (Optional)
  If true, an advanced data store for site search will be created. If the
  data store is not configured as site search (GENERIC vertical and
  PUBLIC_WEBSITE contentConfig), this flag will be ignored.

* `skip_default_schema_creation` -
  (Optional)
  A boolean flag indicating whether to skip the default schema creation for
  the data store. Only enable this flag if you are certain that the default
  schema is incompatible with your use case.
  If set to true, you must manually create a schema for the data store
  before any documents can be ingested.
  This flag cannot be specified if `data_store.starting_schema` is
  specified.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_document_processing_config"></a>The `document_processing_config` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Output)
  The full resource name of the Document Processing Config. Format:
  `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/collections/{collection_id}/dataStores/{data_store_id}/documentProcessingConfig`.

* `default_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations for default Document parser. If not specified, this resource
  will be configured to use a default DigitalParsingConfig, and the default parsing
  config will be applied to all file types for Document parsing.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_default_parsing_config).

* `parsing_config_overrides` -
  (Optional)
  Map from file type to override the default parsing configuration based on the file type. Supported keys:
    * `pdf`: Override parsing config for PDF files, either digital parsing, ocr parsing or layout parsing is supported.
    * `html`: Override parsing config for HTML files, only digital parsing and or layout parsing are supported.
    * `docx`: Override parsing config for DOCX files, only digital parsing and or layout parsing are supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_parsing_config_overrides).


<a name="nested_default_parsing_config"></a>The `default_parsing_config` block supports:

* `digital_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to digital parser.

* `ocr_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to OCR parser. Currently it only applies to PDFs.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ocr_parsing_config).


<a name="nested_ocr_parsing_config"></a>The `ocr_parsing_config` block supports:

* `use_native_text` -
  (Optional)
  If true, will use native text instead of OCR text on pages containing native text.

<a name="nested_parsing_config_overrides"></a>The `parsing_config_overrides` block supports:

* `file_type` - (Required) The identifier for this object. Format specified above.

* `digital_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to digital parser.

* `ocr_parsing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations applied to OCR parser. Currently it only applies to PDFs.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ocr_parsing_config).


<a name="nested_ocr_parsing_config"></a>The `ocr_parsing_config` block supports:

* `use_native_text` -
  (Optional)
  If true, will use native text instead of OCR text on pages containing native text.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique full resource name of the data store. Values are of the format
  `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/collections/{collection_id}/dataStores/{data_store_id}`.
  This field must be a UTF-8 encoded string with a length limit of 1024
  characters.

* `default_schema_id` -
  The id of the default Schema associated with this data store.

* `create_time` -
  Timestamp when the DataStore was created.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


DataStore can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{data_store_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{data_store_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import DataStore using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}"
  to = google_discovery_engine_data_store.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), DataStore can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_discovery_engine_data_store.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/collections/default_collection/dataStores/{{data_store_id}}
$ terraform import google_discovery_engine_data_store.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{data_store_id}}
$ terraform import google_discovery_engine_data_store.default {{location}}/{{data_store_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
