website/docs/r/filestore_instance.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Filestore"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud Filestore instance.
---

# google\_filestore\_instance

A Google Cloud Filestore instance.


To get more information about Instance, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.instances/create)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/creating-instances)
    * [Use with Kubernetes](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/accessing-fileshares)
    * [Copying Data In/Out](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/copying-data)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=filestore_instance_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Filestore Instance Basic


```hcl
resource "google_filestore_instance" "instance" {
  name     = "test-instance"
  location = "us-central1-b"
  tier     = "BASIC_HDD"

  file_shares {
    capacity_gb = 1024
    name        = "share1"
  }

  networks {
    network = "default"
    modes   = ["MODE_IPV4"]
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=filestore_instance_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Filestore Instance Full


```hcl
resource "google_filestore_instance" "instance" {
  name     = "test-instance"
  location = "us-central1-b"
  tier     = "BASIC_SSD"

  file_shares {
    capacity_gb = 2560
    name        = "share1"

    nfs_export_options {
      ip_ranges   = ["10.0.0.0/24"]
      access_mode = "READ_WRITE"
      squash_mode = "NO_ROOT_SQUASH"
    }

    nfs_export_options {
      ip_ranges   = ["10.10.0.0/24"]
      access_mode = "READ_ONLY"
      squash_mode = "ROOT_SQUASH"
      anon_uid    = 123
      anon_gid    = 456
    }
  }

  networks {
    network      = "default"
    modes        = ["MODE_IPV4"]
    connect_mode = "DIRECT_PEERING"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Filestore Instance Enterprise


```hcl
resource "google_filestore_instance" "instance" {
  name     = "test-instance"
  location = "us-central1"
  tier     = "ENTERPRISE"

  file_shares {
    capacity_gb = 1024
    name        = "share1"
  }

  networks {
    network = "default"
    modes   = ["MODE_IPV4"]
  }

  kms_key_name = google_kms_crypto_key.filestore_key.id
}

resource "google_kms_key_ring" "filestore_keyring" {
  name     = "filestore-keyring"
  location = "us-central1"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "filestore_key" {
  name            = "filestore-key"
  key_ring        = google_kms_key_ring.filestore_keyring.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the instance.

* `tier` -
  (Required)
  The service tier of the instance.
  Possible values include: STANDARD, PREMIUM, BASIC_HDD, BASIC_SSD, HIGH_SCALE_SSD, ZONAL and ENTERPRISE

* `file_shares` -
  (Required)
  File system shares on the instance. For this version, only a
  single file share is supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_file_shares).

* `networks` -
  (Required)
  VPC networks to which the instance is connected. For this version,
  only a single network is supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_networks).


<a name="nested_file_shares"></a>The `file_shares` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the fileshare (16 characters or less)

* `capacity_gb` -
  (Required)
  File share capacity in GiB. This must be at least 1024 GiB
  for the standard tier, or 2560 GiB for the premium tier.

* `source_backup` -
  (Output)
  The resource name of the backup, in the format
  projects/{projectId}/locations/{locationId}/backups/{backupId},
  that this file share has been restored from.

* `nfs_export_options` -
  (Optional)
  Nfs Export Options. There is a limit of 10 export options per file share.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_nfs_export_options).


<a name="nested_nfs_export_options"></a>The `nfs_export_options` block supports:

* `ip_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  List of either IPv4 addresses, or ranges in CIDR notation which may mount the file share.
  Overlapping IP ranges are not allowed, both within and across NfsExportOptions. An error will be returned.
  The limit is 64 IP ranges/addresses for each FileShareConfig among all NfsExportOptions.

* `access_mode` -
  (Optional)
  Either READ_ONLY, for allowing only read requests on the exported directory,
  or READ_WRITE, for allowing both read and write requests. The default is READ_WRITE.
  Default value is `READ_WRITE`.
  Possible values are: `READ_ONLY`, `READ_WRITE`.

* `squash_mode` -
  (Optional)
  Either NO_ROOT_SQUASH, for allowing root access on the exported directory, or ROOT_SQUASH,
  for not allowing root access. The default is NO_ROOT_SQUASH.
  Default value is `NO_ROOT_SQUASH`.
  Possible values are: `NO_ROOT_SQUASH`, `ROOT_SQUASH`.

* `anon_uid` -
  (Optional)
  An integer representing the anonymous user id with a default value of 65534.
  Anon_uid may only be set with squashMode of ROOT_SQUASH. An error will be returned
  if this field is specified for other squashMode settings.

* `anon_gid` -
  (Optional)
  An integer representing the anonymous group id with a default value of 65534.
  Anon_gid may only be set with squashMode of ROOT_SQUASH. An error will be returned
  if this field is specified for other squashMode settings.

<a name="nested_networks"></a>The `networks` block supports:

* `network` -
  (Required)
  The name of the GCE VPC network to which the
  instance is connected.

* `modes` -
  (Required)
  IP versions for which the instance has
  IP addresses assigned.
  Each value may be one of: `ADDRESS_MODE_UNSPECIFIED`, `MODE_IPV4`, `MODE_IPV6`.

* `reserved_ip_range` -
  (Optional)
  A /29 CIDR block that identifies the range of IP
  addresses reserved for this instance.

* `ip_addresses` -
  (Output)
  A list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses.

* `connect_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The network connect mode of the Filestore instance.
  If not provided, the connect mode defaults to
  DIRECT_PEERING.
  Default value is `DIRECT_PEERING`.
  Possible values are: `DIRECT_PEERING`, `PRIVATE_SERVICE_ACCESS`.

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the instance.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  KMS key name used for data encryption.

* `zone` -
  (Optional, Deprecated)
  The name of the Filestore zone of the instance.

  ~> **Warning:** `zone` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Use `location` instead.

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the location of the instance. This can be a region for ENTERPRISE tier instances.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `etag` -
  Server-specified ETag for the instance resource to prevent
  simultaneous updates from overwriting each other.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Instance can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_filestore_instance.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_filestore_instance.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_filestore_instance.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051) (#6375)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/filestore_instance.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Filestore"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud Filestore instance.
---

# google\_filestore\_instance

A Google Cloud Filestore instance.


To get more information about Instance, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.instances/create)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/creating-instances)
    * [Use with Kubernetes](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/accessing-fileshares)
    * [Copying Data In/Out](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/copying-data)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=filestore_instance_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Filestore Instance Basic


```hcl
resource "google_filestore_instance" "instance" {
  name     = "test-instance"
  location = "us-central1-b"
  tier     = "BASIC_HDD"

  file_shares {
    capacity_gb = 1024
    name        = "share1"
  }

  networks {
    network = "default"
    modes   = ["MODE_IPV4"]
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=filestore_instance_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Filestore Instance Full


```hcl
resource "google_filestore_instance" "instance" {
  name     = "test-instance"
  location = "us-central1-b"
  tier     = "BASIC_SSD"

  file_shares {
    capacity_gb = 2560
    name        = "share1"

    nfs_export_options {
      ip_ranges   = ["10.0.0.0/24"]
      access_mode = "READ_WRITE"
      squash_mode = "NO_ROOT_SQUASH"
    }

    nfs_export_options {
      ip_ranges   = ["10.10.0.0/24"]
      access_mode = "READ_ONLY"
      squash_mode = "ROOT_SQUASH"
      anon_uid    = 123
      anon_gid    = 456
    }
  }

  networks {
    network      = "default"
    modes        = ["MODE_IPV4"]
    connect_mode = "DIRECT_PEERING"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Filestore Instance Enterprise


```hcl
resource "google_filestore_instance" "instance" {
  name     = "test-instance"
  location = "us-central1"
  tier     = "ENTERPRISE"

  file_shares {
    capacity_gb = 1024
    name        = "share1"
  }

  networks {
    network = "default"
    modes   = ["MODE_IPV4"]
  }

  kms_key_name = google_kms_crypto_key.filestore_key.id
}

resource "google_kms_key_ring" "filestore_keyring" {
  name     = "filestore-keyring"
  location = "us-central1"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "filestore_key" {
  name            = "filestore-key"
  key_ring        = google_kms_key_ring.filestore_keyring.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the instance.

* `tier` -
  (Required)
  The service tier of the instance.
  Possible values include: STANDARD, PREMIUM, BASIC_HDD, BASIC_SSD, HIGH_SCALE_SSD, ZONAL and ENTERPRISE

* `file_shares` -
  (Required)
  File system shares on the instance. For this version, only a
  single file share is supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_file_shares).

* `networks` -
  (Required)
  VPC networks to which the instance is connected. For this version,
  only a single network is supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_networks).


<a name="nested_file_shares"></a>The `file_shares` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the fileshare (16 characters or less)

* `capacity_gb` -
  (Required)
  File share capacity in GiB. This must be at least 1024 GiB
  for the standard tier, or 2560 GiB for the premium tier.

* `source_backup` -
  (Output)
  The resource name of the backup, in the format
  projects/{projectId}/locations/{locationId}/backups/{backupId},
  that this file share has been restored from.

* `nfs_export_options` -
  (Optional)
  Nfs Export Options. There is a limit of 10 export options per file share.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_nfs_export_options).


<a name="nested_nfs_export_options"></a>The `nfs_export_options` block supports:

* `ip_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  List of either IPv4 addresses, or ranges in CIDR notation which may mount the file share.
  Overlapping IP ranges are not allowed, both within and across NfsExportOptions. An error will be returned.
  The limit is 64 IP ranges/addresses for each FileShareConfig among all NfsExportOptions.

* `access_mode` -
  (Optional)
  Either READ_ONLY, for allowing only read requests on the exported directory,
  or READ_WRITE, for allowing both read and write requests. The default is READ_WRITE.
  Default value is `READ_WRITE`.
  Possible values are: `READ_ONLY`, `READ_WRITE`.

* `squash_mode` -
  (Optional)
  Either NO_ROOT_SQUASH, for allowing root access on the exported directory, or ROOT_SQUASH,
  for not allowing root access. The default is NO_ROOT_SQUASH.
  Default value is `NO_ROOT_SQUASH`.
  Possible values are: `NO_ROOT_SQUASH`, `ROOT_SQUASH`.

* `anon_uid` -
  (Optional)
  An integer representing the anonymous user id with a default value of 65534.
  Anon_uid may only be set with squashMode of ROOT_SQUASH. An error will be returned
  if this field is specified for other squashMode settings.

* `anon_gid` -
  (Optional)
  An integer representing the anonymous group id with a default value of 65534.
  Anon_gid may only be set with squashMode of ROOT_SQUASH. An error will be returned
  if this field is specified for other squashMode settings.

<a name="nested_networks"></a>The `networks` block supports:

* `network` -
  (Required)
  The name of the GCE VPC network to which the
  instance is connected.

* `modes` -
  (Required)
  IP versions for which the instance has
  IP addresses assigned.
  Each value may be one of: `ADDRESS_MODE_UNSPECIFIED`, `MODE_IPV4`, `MODE_IPV6`.

* `reserved_ip_range` -
  (Optional)
  A /29 CIDR block that identifies the range of IP
  addresses reserved for this instance.

* `ip_addresses` -
  (Output)
  A list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses.

* `connect_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The network connect mode of the Filestore instance.
  If not provided, the connect mode defaults to
  DIRECT_PEERING.
  Default value is `DIRECT_PEERING`.
  Possible values are: `DIRECT_PEERING`, `PRIVATE_SERVICE_ACCESS`.

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the instance.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  KMS key name used for data encryption.

* `zone` -
  (Optional, Deprecated)
  The name of the Filestore zone of the instance.

  ~> **Warning:** `zone` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Use `location` instead.

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the location of the instance. This can be a region for ENTERPRISE tier instances.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `etag` -
  Server-specified ETag for the instance resource to prevent
  simultaneous updates from overwriting each other.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Instance can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_filestore_instance.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_filestore_instance.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_filestore_instance.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
