website/docs/r/firebase_hosting_channel.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firebase Hosting"
description: |-
  A `Channel` represents a stream of releases for a site.
---

# google\_firebase\_hosting\_channel

A `Channel` represents a stream of releases for a site. All sites have a default
`live` channel that serves content to the Firebase-provided subdomains and any
connected custom domains.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Channel, see:

* [API documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/hosting/rest/v1beta1/sites.channels)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting)

## Example Usage - Firebasehosting Channel Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firebase_hosting_site" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  project  = "my-project-name"
  site_id = "site-with-channel"
}

resource "google_firebase_hosting_channel" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  site_id = google_firebase_hosting_site.default.site_id
  channel_id = "channel-basic"
}
```
## Example Usage - Firebasehosting Channel Full


```hcl
resource "google_firebase_hosting_site" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  project  = "my-project-name"
  site_id = "site-with-channel"
}

resource "google_firebase_hosting_channel" "full" {
  provider = google-beta
  site_id = google_firebase_hosting_site.default.site_id
  channel_id = "channel-full"
  ttl = "86400s"
  retained_release_count = 20
  labels = {
    "some-key": "some-value"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `site_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. The ID of the site in which to create this channel.

* `channel_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. Immutable. A unique ID within the site that identifies the channel.


- - -


* `retained_release_count` -
  (Optional)
  The number of previous releases to retain on the channel for rollback or other
  purposes. Must be a number between 1-100. Defaults to 10 for new channels.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Text labels used for extra metadata and/or filtering

* `expire_time` -
  (Optional)
  The time at which the channel will be automatically deleted. If null, the channel
  will not be automatically deleted. This field is present in the output whether it's
  set directly or via the `ttl` field.

* `ttl` -
  (Optional)
  Input only. A time-to-live for this channel. Sets `expire_time` to the provided
  duration past the time of the request. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional
  digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "86400s" (one day).


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `sites/{{site_id}}/channels/{{channel_id}}`

* `name` -
  The fully-qualified resource name for the channel, in the format:
  sites/SITE_ID/channels/CHANNEL_ID


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Channel can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firebase_hosting_channel.default sites/{{site_id}}/channels/{{channel_id}}
$ terraform import google_firebase_hosting_channel.default {{site_id}}/{{channel_id}}
```

Commit message:

Apply new labels model to more resources (part 3) (#9000)
* Apply new labels model to more resources (part 3)

* Use the same format for labels fields

* Ignore labels fileds in import state verify

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/firebase_hosting_channel.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firebase Hosting"
description: |-
  A `Channel` represents a stream of releases for a site.
---

# google\_firebase\_hosting\_channel

A `Channel` represents a stream of releases for a site. All sites have a default
`live` channel that serves content to the Firebase-provided subdomains and any
connected custom domains.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Channel, see:

* [API documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/hosting/rest/v1beta1/sites.channels)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting)

## Example Usage - Firebasehosting Channel Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firebase_hosting_site" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  project  = "my-project-name"
  site_id = "site-with-channel"
}

resource "google_firebase_hosting_channel" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  site_id = google_firebase_hosting_site.default.site_id
  channel_id = "channel-basic"
}
```
## Example Usage - Firebasehosting Channel Full


```hcl
resource "google_firebase_hosting_site" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  project  = "my-project-name"
  site_id = "site-with-channel"
}

resource "google_firebase_hosting_channel" "full" {
  provider = google-beta
  site_id = google_firebase_hosting_site.default.site_id
  channel_id = "channel-full"
  ttl = "86400s"
  retained_release_count = 20
  labels = {
    "some-key": "some-value"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `site_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. The ID of the site in which to create this channel.

* `channel_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. Immutable. A unique ID within the site that identifies the channel.


- - -


* `retained_release_count` -
  (Optional)
  The number of previous releases to retain on the channel for rollback or other
  purposes. Must be a number between 1-100. Defaults to 10 for new channels.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Text labels used for extra metadata and/or filtering

* `expire_time` -
  (Optional)
  The time at which the channel will be automatically deleted. If null, the channel
  will not be automatically deleted. This field is present in the output whether it's
  set directly or via the `ttl` field.

* `ttl` -
  (Optional)
  Input only. A time-to-live for this channel. Sets `expire_time` to the provided
  duration past the time of the request. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional
  digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "86400s" (one day).


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `sites/{{site_id}}/channels/{{channel_id}}`

* `name` -
  The fully-qualified resource name for the channel, in the format:
  sites/SITE_ID/channels/CHANNEL_ID

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Channel can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firebase_hosting_channel.default sites/{{site_id}}/channels/{{channel_id}}
$ terraform import google_firebase_hosting_channel.default {{site_id}}/{{channel_id}}
```
