website/docs/r/firestore_database.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
description: |-
  A Cloud Firestore Database.
---

# google\_firestore\_database

A Cloud Firestore Database.

If you wish to use Firestore with App Engine, use the
[`google_app_engine_application`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/app_engine_application)
resource instead.


To get more information about Database, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/)

## Example Usage - Firestore Default Database


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
  project_id = "my-project"
  name       = "my-project"
  org_id     = "123456789"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]

  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"
  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = google_project.project.project_id
  name        = "(default)"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Database


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
  project_id      = "my-project"
  name            = "my-project"
  org_id          = "123456789"
  billing_account = "000000-0000000-0000000-000000"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]

  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"

  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project                           = google_project.project.project_id
  name                              = "my-database"
  location_id                       = "nam5"
  type                              = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"
  concurrency_mode                  = "OPTIMISTIC"
  app_engine_integration_mode       = "DISABLED"
  point_in_time_recovery_enablement = "POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Default Database In Datastore Mode


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
	project_id = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
	name       = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
	org_id     = "123456789"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]
  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"
  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "datastore_mode_database" {
    project = google_project.project.project_id

    name = "(default)"

    location_id = "nam5"
    type        = "DATASTORE_MODE"

    depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Database In Datastore Mode


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
  project_id      = "my-project"
  name            = "my-project"
  org_id          = "123456789"
  billing_account = "000000-0000000-0000000-000000"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]
  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"

  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project                           = google_project.project.project_id
  name                              = "datastore-mode-database"
  location_id                       = "nam5"
  type                              = "DATASTORE_MODE"
  concurrency_mode                  = "OPTIMISTIC"
  app_engine_integration_mode       = "DISABLED"
  point_in_time_recovery_enablement = "POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the database, which will become the final
  component of the database's resource name. This value should be 4-63
  characters. Valid characters are /[a-z][0-9]-/ with first character
  a letter and the last a letter or a number. Must not be
  UUID-like /[0-9a-f]{8}(-[0-9a-f]{4}){3}-[0-9a-f]{12}/.
  "(default)" database id is also valid.

* `location_id` -
  (Required)
  The location of the database. Available locations are listed at
  https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/locations.

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of the database.
  See https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs/firestore-or-datastore
  for information about how to choose.
  Possible values are: `FIRESTORE_NATIVE`, `DATASTORE_MODE`.


- - -


* `concurrency_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The concurrency control mode to use for this database.
  Possible values are: `OPTIMISTIC`, `PESSIMISTIC`, `OPTIMISTIC_WITH_ENTITY_GROUPS`.

* `app_engine_integration_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The App Engine integration mode to use for this database.
  Possible values are: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

* `point_in_time_recovery_enablement` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to enable the PITR feature on this database.
  If `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED` is selected, reads are supported on selected versions of the data from within the past 7 days.
  versionRetentionPeriod and earliestVersionTime can be used to determine the supported versions. These include reads against any timestamp within the past hour
  and reads against 1-minute snapshots beyond 1 hour and within 7 days.
  If `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_DISABLED` is selected, reads are supported on any version of the data from within the past 1 hour.
  Default value is `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_DISABLED`.
  Possible values are: `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED`, `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_DISABLED`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/databases/{{name}}`

* `key_prefix` -
  Output only. The keyPrefix for this database.
  This keyPrefix is used, in combination with the project id ("~") to construct the application id
  that is returned from the Cloud Datastore APIs in Google App Engine first generation runtimes.
  This value may be empty in which case the appid to use for URL-encoded keys is the project_id (eg: foo instead of v~foo).

* `etag` -
  Output only. This checksum is computed by the server based on the value of other fields,
  and may be sent on update and delete requests to ensure the client has an
  up-to-date value before proceeding.

* `create_time` -
  Output only. The timestamp at which this database was created.

* `update_time` -
  Output only. The timestamp at which this database was most recently updated.

* `uid` -
  Output only. The system-generated UUID4 for this Database.

* `version_retention_period` -
  Output only. The period during which past versions of data are retained in the database.
  Any read or query can specify a readTime within this window, and will read the state of the database at that time.
  If the PITR feature is enabled, the retention period is 7 days. Otherwise, the retention period is 1 hour.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `earliest_version_time` -
  Output only. The earliest timestamp at which older versions of the data can be read from the database. See versionRetentionPeriod above; this field is populated with now - versionRetentionPeriod.
  This value is continuously updated, and becomes stale the moment it is queried. If you are using this value to recover data, make sure to account for the time from the moment when the value is queried to the moment when you initiate the recovery.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Database can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default projects/{{project}}/databases/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Add Firestore deletion protection (#8906) (#6295)
* Add Firestore deletion protection

* Reformat

* Add test for updating delete_protection_state

* Make deleteProtectionState skip auto-generated tests

* Add a dedicated example for delete protection

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/firestore_database.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
description: |-
  A Cloud Firestore Database.
---

# google\_firestore\_database

A Cloud Firestore Database.

If you wish to use Firestore with App Engine, use the
[`google_app_engine_application`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/app_engine_application)
resource instead.


To get more information about Database, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/)

## Example Usage - Firestore Default Database


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
  project_id = "my-project"
  name       = "my-project"
  org_id     = "123456789"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]

  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"
  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = google_project.project.project_id
  name        = "(default)"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Database


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
  project_id      = "my-project"
  name            = "my-project"
  org_id          = "123456789"
  billing_account = "000000-0000000-0000000-000000"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]

  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"

  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project                           = google_project.project.project_id
  name                              = "my-database"
  location_id                       = "nam5"
  type                              = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"
  concurrency_mode                  = "OPTIMISTIC"
  app_engine_integration_mode       = "DISABLED"
  point_in_time_recovery_enablement = "POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Default Database In Datastore Mode


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
	project_id = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
	name       = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
	org_id     = "123456789"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]
  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"
  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "datastore_mode_database" {
    project = google_project.project.project_id

    name = "(default)"

    location_id = "nam5"
    type        = "DATASTORE_MODE"

    depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Database In Datastore Mode


```hcl
resource "google_project" "project" {
  project_id      = "my-project"
  name            = "my-project"
  org_id          = "123456789"
  billing_account = "000000-0000000-0000000-000000"
}

resource "time_sleep" "wait_60_seconds" {
  depends_on = [google_project.project]
  create_duration = "60s"
}

resource "google_project_service" "firestore" {
  project = google_project.project.project_id
  service = "firestore.googleapis.com"

  # Needed for CI tests for permissions to propagate, should not be needed for actual usage
  depends_on = [time_sleep.wait_60_seconds]
}

resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project                           = google_project.project.project_id
  name                              = "datastore-mode-database"
  location_id                       = "nam5"
  type                              = "DATASTORE_MODE"
  concurrency_mode                  = "OPTIMISTIC"
  app_engine_integration_mode       = "DISABLED"
  point_in_time_recovery_enablement = "POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Database With Delete Protection


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project                           = google_project.project.project_id
  name                              = "my-database"
  location_id                       = "nam5"
  type                              = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  # Prevents accidental deletion of the database.
  # To delete the database, first set this field to `DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED`, apply the changes.
  # Then delete the database resource and apply the changes again.
  delete_protection_state           = "DELETE_PROTECTION_ENABLED"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firestore]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the database, which will become the final
  component of the database's resource name. This value should be 4-63
  characters. Valid characters are /[a-z][0-9]-/ with first character
  a letter and the last a letter or a number. Must not be
  UUID-like /[0-9a-f]{8}(-[0-9a-f]{4}){3}-[0-9a-f]{12}/.
  "(default)" database id is also valid.

* `location_id` -
  (Required)
  The location of the database. Available locations are listed at
  https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/locations.

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of the database.
  See https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs/firestore-or-datastore
  for information about how to choose.
  Possible values are: `FIRESTORE_NATIVE`, `DATASTORE_MODE`.


- - -


* `concurrency_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The concurrency control mode to use for this database.
  Possible values are: `OPTIMISTIC`, `PESSIMISTIC`, `OPTIMISTIC_WITH_ENTITY_GROUPS`.

* `app_engine_integration_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The App Engine integration mode to use for this database.
  Possible values are: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

* `point_in_time_recovery_enablement` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to enable the PITR feature on this database.
  If `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED` is selected, reads are supported on selected versions of the data from within the past 7 days.
  versionRetentionPeriod and earliestVersionTime can be used to determine the supported versions. These include reads against any timestamp within the past hour
  and reads against 1-minute snapshots beyond 1 hour and within 7 days.
  If `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_DISABLED` is selected, reads are supported on any version of the data from within the past 1 hour.
  Default value is `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_DISABLED`.
  Possible values are: `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_ENABLED`, `POINT_IN_TIME_RECOVERY_DISABLED`.

* `delete_protection_state` -
  (Optional)
  State of delete protection for the database.
  Possible values are: `DELETE_PROTECTION_STATE_UNSPECIFIED`, `DELETE_PROTECTION_ENABLED`, `DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/databases/{{name}}`

* `key_prefix` -
  Output only. The keyPrefix for this database.
  This keyPrefix is used, in combination with the project id ("~") to construct the application id
  that is returned from the Cloud Datastore APIs in Google App Engine first generation runtimes.
  This value may be empty in which case the appid to use for URL-encoded keys is the project_id (eg: foo instead of v~foo).

* `etag` -
  Output only. This checksum is computed by the server based on the value of other fields,
  and may be sent on update and delete requests to ensure the client has an
  up-to-date value before proceeding.

* `create_time` -
  Output only. The timestamp at which this database was created.

* `update_time` -
  Output only. The timestamp at which this database was most recently updated.

* `uid` -
  Output only. The system-generated UUID4 for this Database.

* `version_retention_period` -
  Output only. The period during which past versions of data are retained in the database.
  Any read or query can specify a readTime within this window, and will read the state of the database at that time.
  If the PITR feature is enabled, the retention period is 7 days. Otherwise, the retention period is 1 hour.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `earliest_version_time` -
  Output only. The earliest timestamp at which older versions of the data can be read from the database. See versionRetentionPeriod above; this field is populated with now - versionRetentionPeriod.
  This value is continuously updated, and becomes stale the moment it is queried. If you are using this value to recover data, make sure to account for the time from the moment when the value is queried to the moment when you initiate the recovery.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Database can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default projects/{{project}}/databases/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
