website/docs/r/firestore_document.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
description: |-
  In Cloud Firestore, the unit of storage is the document.
---

# google\_firestore\_document

In Cloud Firestore, the unit of storage is the document. A document is a lightweight record
that contains fields, which map to values. Each document is identified by a name.


To get more information about Document, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.documents)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/manage-data/add-data)

~> **Warning:** This resource creates a Firestore Document on a project that already has
a Firestore database. If you haven't already created it, you may
create a `google_firestore_database` resource with `type` set to
`"FIRESTORE_NATIVE"` and `location_id` set to your chosen location.
If you wish to use App Engine, you may instead create a
`google_app_engine_application` resource with `database_type` set to
`"CLOUD_FIRESTORE"`. Your Firestore location will be the same as
the App Engine location specified.

## Example Usage - Firestore Document Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_document" "mydoc" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "somenewcollection"
  document_id = "my-doc-id"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"akey\":{\"stringValue\":\"avalue\"}}}}}"
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Document Nested Document


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_document" "mydoc" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "somenewcollection"
  document_id = "my-doc-id"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"akey\":{\"stringValue\":\"avalue\"}}}}}"
}

resource "google_firestore_document" "sub_document" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "${google_firestore_document.mydoc.path}/subdocs"
  document_id = "bitcoinkey"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"ayo\":{\"stringValue\":\"val2\"}}}}}"
}

resource "google_firestore_document" "sub_sub_document" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "${google_firestore_document.sub_document.path}/subsubdocs"
  document_id = "asecret"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"secret\":{\"stringValue\":\"hithere\"}}}}}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `fields` -
  (Required)
  The document's [fields](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.documents) formated as a json string.

* `collection` -
  (Required)
  The collection ID, relative to database. For example: chatrooms or chatrooms/my-document/private-messages.

* `document_id` -
  (Required)
  The client-assigned document ID to use for this document during creation.


- - -


* `database` -
  (Optional)
  The Firestore database id. Defaults to `"(default)"`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  A server defined name for this index. Format:
  `projects/{{project_id}}/databases/{{database_id}}/documents/{{path}}/{{document_id}}`

* `path` -
  A relative path to the collection this document exists within

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 format.

* `update_time` -
  Last update timestamp in RFC3339 format.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Document can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Document using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_firestore_document.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Document can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_document.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Clarify the database resource name in firestore document surface (#9325) (#6558)
[upstream:44995772dd68faf96854800b70a2e99ffb7b72f5]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/firestore_document.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
description: |-
  In Cloud Firestore, the unit of storage is the document.
---

# google\_firestore\_document

In Cloud Firestore, the unit of storage is the document. A document is a lightweight record
that contains fields, which map to values. Each document is identified by a name.


To get more information about Document, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.documents)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/manage-data/add-data)

~> **Warning:** This resource creates a Firestore Document on a project that already has
a Firestore database. If you haven't already created it, you may
create a `google_firestore_database` resource with `type` set to
`"FIRESTORE_NATIVE"` and `location_id` set to your chosen location.
If you wish to use App Engine, you may instead create a
`google_app_engine_application` resource with `database_type` set to
`"CLOUD_FIRESTORE"`. Your Firestore location will be the same as
the App Engine location specified.
Note: The surface does not support configurable database id. Only `(default)`
is allowed for the database parameter.

## Example Usage - Firestore Document Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_document" "mydoc" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "somenewcollection"
  document_id = "my-doc-id"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"akey\":{\"stringValue\":\"avalue\"}}}}}"
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Document Nested Document


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_document" "mydoc" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "somenewcollection"
  document_id = "my-doc-id"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"akey\":{\"stringValue\":\"avalue\"}}}}}"
}

resource "google_firestore_document" "sub_document" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "${google_firestore_document.mydoc.path}/subdocs"
  document_id = "bitcoinkey"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"ayo\":{\"stringValue\":\"val2\"}}}}}"
}

resource "google_firestore_document" "sub_sub_document" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  collection  = "${google_firestore_document.sub_document.path}/subsubdocs"
  document_id = "asecret"
  fields      = "{\"something\":{\"mapValue\":{\"fields\":{\"secret\":{\"stringValue\":\"hithere\"}}}}}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `fields` -
  (Required)
  The document's [fields](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.documents) formated as a json string.

* `collection` -
  (Required)
  The collection ID, relative to database. For example: chatrooms or chatrooms/my-document/private-messages.

* `document_id` -
  (Required)
  The client-assigned document ID to use for this document during creation.


- - -


* `database` -
  (Optional)
  The Firestore database id. Defaults to `"(default)"`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  A server defined name for this index. Format:
  `projects/{{project_id}}/databases/{{database_id}}/documents/{{path}}/{{document_id}}`

* `path` -
  A relative path to the collection this document exists within

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 format.

* `update_time` -
  Last update timestamp in RFC3339 format.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Document can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Document using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_firestore_document.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Document can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_document.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
