website/docs/r/firestore_index.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
description: |-
  Cloud Firestore indexes enable simple and complex queries against documents in a database.
---

# google_firestore_index

Cloud Firestore indexes enable simple and complex queries against documents in a database.
 This resource manages composite indexes and not single
field indexes.


To get more information about Index, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.collectionGroups.indexes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/query-data/indexing)

~> **Warning:** This resource creates a Firestore Index on a project that already has
a Firestore database. If you haven't already created it, you may
create a `google_firestore_database` resource and `location_id` set
to your chosen location. If you wish to use App Engine, you may
instead create a `google_app_engine_application` resource with
`database_type` set to `"CLOUD_FIRESTORE"`. Your Firestore location
will be the same as the App Engine location specified.

## Example Usage - Firestore Index Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  name        = "database-id"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  delete_protection_state = "DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED"
  deletion_policy         = "DELETE"
}

resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  database   = google_firestore_database.database.name
  collection = "atestcollection"

  fields {
    field_path = "name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    order      = "DESCENDING"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Index Datastore Mode


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  name        = "database-id-dm"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "DATASTORE_MODE"

  delete_protection_state = "DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED"
  deletion_policy         = "DELETE"
}

resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  database   = google_firestore_database.database.name
  collection = "atestcollection"

  query_scope = "COLLECTION_RECURSIVE"
  api_scope = "DATASTORE_MODE_API"

  fields {
    field_path = "name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    order      = "DESCENDING"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Index Vector


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  name        = "database-id-vector"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  delete_protection_state = "DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED"
  deletion_policy         = "DELETE"
}

resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  database   = google_firestore_database.database.name
  collection = "atestcollection"

  fields {
    field_path = "field_name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "__name__"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    vector_config {
      dimension = 128
      flat {}
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `collection` -
  (Required)
  The collection being indexed.

* `fields` -
  (Required)
  The fields supported by this index. The last non-stored field entry is
  always for the field path `__name__`. If, on creation, `__name__` was not
  specified as the last field, it will be added automatically with the same
  direction as that of the last field defined. If the final field in a
  composite index is not directional, the `__name__` will be ordered
  `"ASCENDING"` (unless explicitly specified otherwise).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_fields).


<a name="nested_fields"></a>The `fields` block supports:

* `field_path` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the field.

* `order` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports ordering by the specified order or comparing using =, <, <=, >, >=.
  Only one of `order`, `arrayConfig`, and `vectorConfig` can be specified.
  Possible values are: `ASCENDING`, `DESCENDING`.

* `array_config` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports operations on arrayValues. Only one of `order`, `arrayConfig`, and
  `vectorConfig` can be specified.
  Possible values are: `CONTAINS`.

* `vector_config` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports vector search operations. Only one of `order`, `arrayConfig`, and
  `vectorConfig` can be specified. Vector Fields should come after the field path `__name__`.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_vector_config).


<a name="nested_vector_config"></a>The `vector_config` block supports:

* `dimension` -
  (Optional)
  The resulting index will only include vectors of this dimension, and can be used for vector search
  with the same dimension.

* `flat` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates the vector index is a flat index.

- - -


* `database` -
  (Optional)
  The Firestore database id. Defaults to `"(default)"`.

* `query_scope` -
  (Optional)
  The scope at which a query is run.
  Default value is `COLLECTION`.
  Possible values are: `COLLECTION`, `COLLECTION_GROUP`, `COLLECTION_RECURSIVE`.

* `api_scope` -
  (Optional)
  The API scope at which a query is run.
  Default value is `ANY_API`.
  Possible values are: `ANY_API`, `DATASTORE_MODE_API`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  A server defined name for this index. Format:
  `projects/{{project}}/databases/{{database}}/collectionGroups/{{collection}}/indexes/{{server_generated_id}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Index can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Index using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_firestore_index.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Index can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_index.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

google_datastore_index: Deprecate (#11200)
[upstream:2c50917fd63db7573a27b79eae311e594aca03d4]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/firestore_index.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
description: |-
  Cloud Firestore indexes enable simple and complex queries against documents in a database.
---

# google_firestore_index

Cloud Firestore indexes enable simple and complex queries against documents in a database.
 This resource manages composite indexes and not single field indexes.
 Both Firestore Native and Datastore Mode indexes are supported.


To get more information about Index, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.collectionGroups.indexes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/query-data/indexing)

~> **Warning:** This resource creates a Firestore Index on a project that already has
a Firestore database. If you haven't already created it, you may
create a `google_firestore_database` resource and `location_id` set
to your chosen location. If you wish to use App Engine, you may
instead create a `google_app_engine_application` resource.
Your Firestore location will be the same as the App Engine location specified.

## Example Usage - Firestore Index Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  name        = "database-id"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  delete_protection_state = "DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED"
  deletion_policy         = "DELETE"
}

resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  database   = google_firestore_database.database.name
  collection = "atestcollection"

  fields {
    field_path = "name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    order      = "DESCENDING"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Index Datastore Mode


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  name        = "database-id-dm"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "DATASTORE_MODE"

  delete_protection_state = "DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED"
  deletion_policy         = "DELETE"
}

resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  database   = google_firestore_database.database.name
  collection = "atestcollection"

  query_scope = "COLLECTION_RECURSIVE"
  api_scope = "DATASTORE_MODE_API"

  fields {
    field_path = "name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    order      = "DESCENDING"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Index Vector


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "database" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  name        = "database-id-vector"
  location_id = "nam5"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"

  delete_protection_state = "DELETE_PROTECTION_DISABLED"
  deletion_policy         = "DELETE"
}

resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project     = "my-project-name"
  database   = google_firestore_database.database.name
  collection = "atestcollection"

  fields {
    field_path = "field_name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "__name__"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    vector_config {
      dimension = 128
      flat {}
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `collection` -
  (Required)
  The collection being indexed.

* `fields` -
  (Required)
  The fields supported by this index. The last non-stored field entry is
  always for the field path `__name__`. If, on creation, `__name__` was not
  specified as the last field, it will be added automatically with the same
  direction as that of the last field defined. If the final field in a
  composite index is not directional, the `__name__` will be ordered
  `"ASCENDING"` (unless explicitly specified otherwise).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_fields).


<a name="nested_fields"></a>The `fields` block supports:

* `field_path` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the field.

* `order` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports ordering by the specified order or comparing using =, <, <=, >, >=.
  Only one of `order`, `arrayConfig`, and `vectorConfig` can be specified.
  Possible values are: `ASCENDING`, `DESCENDING`.

* `array_config` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports operations on arrayValues. Only one of `order`, `arrayConfig`, and
  `vectorConfig` can be specified.
  Possible values are: `CONTAINS`.

* `vector_config` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports vector search operations. Only one of `order`, `arrayConfig`, and
  `vectorConfig` can be specified. Vector Fields should come after the field path `__name__`.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_vector_config).


<a name="nested_vector_config"></a>The `vector_config` block supports:

* `dimension` -
  (Optional)
  The resulting index will only include vectors of this dimension, and can be used for vector search
  with the same dimension.

* `flat` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates the vector index is a flat index.

- - -


* `database` -
  (Optional)
  The Firestore database id. Defaults to `"(default)"`.

* `query_scope` -
  (Optional)
  The scope at which a query is run.
  Default value is `COLLECTION`.
  Possible values are: `COLLECTION`, `COLLECTION_GROUP`, `COLLECTION_RECURSIVE`.

* `api_scope` -
  (Optional)
  The API scope at which a query is run.
  Default value is `ANY_API`.
  Possible values are: `ANY_API`, `DATASTORE_MODE_API`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  A server defined name for this index. Format:
  `projects/{{project}}/databases/{{database}}/collectionGroups/{{collection}}/indexes/{{server_generated_id}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Index can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Index using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_firestore_index.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Index can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_index.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
