website/docs/r/gke_hub_scope.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  Scope represents a Scope in a Fleet.
---

# google\_gke\_hub\_scope

Scope represents a Scope in a Fleet.


To get more information about Scope, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/fleet-management/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.scopes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Registering a Cluster](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster#register_cluster)

## Example Usage - Gkehub Scope Basic


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_scope" "scope" {
  scope_id = "my-scope"
  labels = {
      keyb = "valueb"
      keya = "valuea"
      keyc = "valuec" 
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `scope_id` -
  (Required)
  The client-provided identifier of the scope.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels for this Scope.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique identifier of the scope

* `uid` -
  Google-generated UUID for this resource.

* `create_time` -
  Time the Scope was created in UTC.

* `update_time` -
  Time the Scope was updated in UTC.

* `delete_time` -
  Time the Scope was deleted in UTC.

* `state` -
  State of the scope resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `code` -
  (Output)
  Code describes the state of a Scope resource.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Scope can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{scope_id}}`
* `{{scope_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Scope using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}"
  to = google_gke_hub_scope.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Scope can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_scope.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_scope.default {{project}}/{{scope_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_scope.default {{scope_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Adding the namespace_labels field to the GKE Hub Scope resource (#9972)
* initial commit for scope-level namespace labels

* Add validation exceptions for the  field of the GKEHub Scope and Namespace resources to be of type

* Undoing unnecessary changes

* Fixing the type of Scope namespace_labels field

[upstream:3e13564ac5d3ac814949b399e0fd56058445a717]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/gke_hub_scope.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  Scope represents a Scope in a Fleet.
---

# google\_gke\_hub\_scope

Scope represents a Scope in a Fleet.


To get more information about Scope, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/fleet-management/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.scopes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Registering a Cluster](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster#register_cluster)

## Example Usage - Gkehub Scope Basic


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_scope" "scope" {
  scope_id = "my-scope"
  namespace_labels = {
      keyb = "valueb"
      keya = "valuea"
      keyc = "valuec" 
  }
  labels = {
      keyb = "valueb"
      keya = "valuea"
      keyc = "valuec" 
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `scope_id` -
  (Required)
  The client-provided identifier of the scope.


- - -


* `namespace_labels` -
  (Optional)
  Scope-level cluster namespace labels. For the member clusters bound
  to the Scope, these labels are applied to each namespace under the
  Scope. Scope-level labels take precedence over Namespace-level
  labels (`namespace_labels` in the Fleet Namespace resource) if they
  share a key. Keys and values must be Kubernetes-conformant.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels for this Scope.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique identifier of the scope

* `uid` -
  Google-generated UUID for this resource.

* `create_time` -
  Time the Scope was created in UTC.

* `update_time` -
  Time the Scope was updated in UTC.

* `delete_time` -
  Time the Scope was deleted in UTC.

* `state` -
  State of the scope resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `code` -
  (Output)
  Code describes the state of a Scope resource.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Scope can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{scope_id}}`
* `{{scope_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Scope using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}"
  to = google_gke_hub_scope.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Scope can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_scope.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/scopes/{{scope_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_scope.default {{project}}/{{scope_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_scope.default {{scope_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
