website/docs/r/gke_hub_membership.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  Membership contains information about a member cluster.
---

# google\_gke\_hub\_membership

Membership contains information about a member cluster.


To get more information about Membership, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.memberships)
* How-to Guides
    * [Registering a Cluster](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster#register_cluster)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=gkehub_membership_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Gkehub Membership Basic


```hcl
resource "google_container_cluster" "primary" {
  name               = "basiccluster"
  location           = "us-central1-a"
  initial_node_count = 1
}

resource "google_gke_hub_membership" "membership" {
  membership_id = "basic"
  endpoint {
    gke_cluster {
      resource_link = "//container.googleapis.com/${google_container_cluster.primary.id}"
    }
  }

  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Gkehub Membership Issuer


```hcl
resource "google_container_cluster" "primary" {
  name               = "basiccluster"
  location           = "us-central1-a"
  initial_node_count = 1
  workload_identity_config {
    workload_pool = "my-project-name.svc.id.goog"
  }
}

resource "google_gke_hub_membership" "membership" {
  membership_id = "basic"
  endpoint {
    gke_cluster {
      resource_link = google_container_cluster.primary.id
    }
  }
  authority {
    issuer = "https://container.googleapis.com/v1/${google_container_cluster.primary.id}"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `membership_id` -
  (Required)
  The client-provided identifier of the membership.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html), Deprecated)
  The name of this entity type to be displayed on the console. This field is unavailable in v1 of the API.

  ~> **Warning:** `description` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this membership.

* `endpoint` -
  (Optional)
  If this Membership is a Kubernetes API server hosted on GKE, this is a self link to its GCP resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_endpoint).

* `authority` -
  (Optional)
  Authority encodes how Google will recognize identities from this Membership.
  See the workload identity documentation for more details:
  https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_authority).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_endpoint"></a>The `endpoint` block supports:

* `gke_cluster` -
  (Optional)
  If this Membership is a Kubernetes API server hosted on GKE, this is a self link to its GCP resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gke_cluster).


<a name="nested_gke_cluster"></a>The `gke_cluster` block supports:

* `resource_link` -
  (Required)
  Self-link of the GCP resource for the GKE cluster.
  For example: `//container.googleapis.com/projects/my-project/zones/us-west1-a/clusters/my-cluster`.
  It can be at the most 1000 characters in length. If the cluster is provisioned with Terraform,
  this can be `"//container.googleapis.com/${google_container_cluster.my-cluster.id}"` or
  `google_container_cluster.my-cluster.id`.

<a name="nested_authority"></a>The `authority` block supports:

* `issuer` -
  (Required)
  A JSON Web Token (JWT) issuer URI. `issuer` must start with `https://` and // be a valid
  with length <2000 characters. For example: `https://container.googleapis.com/v1/projects/my-project/locations/us-west1/clusters/my-cluster` (must be `locations` rather than `zones`). If the cluster is provisioned with Terraform, this is `"https://container.googleapis.com/v1/${google_container_cluster.my-cluster.id}"`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/memberships/{{membership_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique identifier of the membership.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Membership can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_membership.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/memberships/{{membership_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_membership.default {{project}}/{{membership_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_membership.default {{membership_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/gke_hub_membership.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  Membership contains information about a member cluster.
---

# google\_gke\_hub\_membership

Membership contains information about a member cluster.


To get more information about Membership, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.memberships)
* How-to Guides
    * [Registering a Cluster](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster#register_cluster)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=gkehub_membership_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Gkehub Membership Basic


```hcl
resource "google_container_cluster" "primary" {
  name               = "basiccluster"
  location           = "us-central1-a"
  initial_node_count = 1
}

resource "google_gke_hub_membership" "membership" {
  membership_id = "basic"
  endpoint {
    gke_cluster {
      resource_link = "//container.googleapis.com/${google_container_cluster.primary.id}"
    }
  }

  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Gkehub Membership Issuer


```hcl
resource "google_container_cluster" "primary" {
  name               = "basiccluster"
  location           = "us-central1-a"
  initial_node_count = 1
  workload_identity_config {
    workload_pool = "my-project-name.svc.id.goog"
  }
}

resource "google_gke_hub_membership" "membership" {
  membership_id = "basic"
  endpoint {
    gke_cluster {
      resource_link = google_container_cluster.primary.id
    }
  }
  authority {
    issuer = "https://container.googleapis.com/v1/${google_container_cluster.primary.id}"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `membership_id` -
  (Required)
  The client-provided identifier of the membership.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html), Deprecated)
  The name of this entity type to be displayed on the console. This field is unavailable in v1 of the API.

  ~> **Warning:** `description` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this membership.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `endpoint` -
  (Optional)
  If this Membership is a Kubernetes API server hosted on GKE, this is a self link to its GCP resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_endpoint).

* `authority` -
  (Optional)
  Authority encodes how Google will recognize identities from this Membership.
  See the workload identity documentation for more details:
  https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_authority).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_endpoint"></a>The `endpoint` block supports:

* `gke_cluster` -
  (Optional)
  If this Membership is a Kubernetes API server hosted on GKE, this is a self link to its GCP resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gke_cluster).


<a name="nested_gke_cluster"></a>The `gke_cluster` block supports:

* `resource_link` -
  (Required)
  Self-link of the GCP resource for the GKE cluster.
  For example: `//container.googleapis.com/projects/my-project/zones/us-west1-a/clusters/my-cluster`.
  It can be at the most 1000 characters in length. If the cluster is provisioned with Terraform,
  this can be `"//container.googleapis.com/${google_container_cluster.my-cluster.id}"` or
  `google_container_cluster.my-cluster.id`.

<a name="nested_authority"></a>The `authority` block supports:

* `issuer` -
  (Required)
  A JSON Web Token (JWT) issuer URI. `issuer` must start with `https://` and // be a valid
  with length <2000 characters. For example: `https://container.googleapis.com/v1/projects/my-project/locations/us-west1/clusters/my-cluster` (must be `locations` rather than `zones`). If the cluster is provisioned with Terraform, this is `"https://container.googleapis.com/v1/${google_container_cluster.my-cluster.id}"`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/memberships/{{membership_id}}`

* `name` -
  The unique identifier of the membership.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Membership can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_membership.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/memberships/{{membership_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_membership.default {{project}}/{{membership_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_membership.default {{membership_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
