website/docs/r/google_project.html.markdown, before:

---
subcategory: "Cloud Platform"
description: |-
 Allows management of a Google Cloud Platform project.
---

# google_project

Allows creation and management of a Google Cloud Platform project.

Projects created with this resource must be associated with an Organization.
See the [Organization documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/quickstarts) for more details.

The user or service account that is running Terraform when creating a `google_project`
resource must have `roles/resourcemanager.projectCreator` on the specified organization. See the
[Access Control for Organizations Using IAM](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-org)
doc for more information.

~> This resource reads the specified billing account on every terraform apply and plan operation so you must have permissions on the specified billing account.

~> It is recommended to use the `constraints/compute.skipDefaultNetworkCreation` [constraint](/docs/providers/google/r/google_organization_policy.html) to remove the default network instead of setting `auto_create_network` to false, when possible.

To get more information about projects, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v1/projects)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating and managing projects](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_project" "my_project" {
  name       = "My Project"
  project_id = "your-project-id"
  org_id     = "1234567"
}
```

To create a project under a specific folder

```hcl
resource "google_project" "my_project-in-a-folder" {
  name       = "My Project"
  project_id = "your-project-id"
  folder_id  = google_folder.department1.name
}

resource "google_folder" "department1" {
  display_name = "Department 1"
  parent       = "organizations/1234567"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The display name of the project.

* `project_id` - (Required) The project ID. Changing this forces a new project to be created.

* `org_id` - (Optional) The numeric ID of the organization this project belongs to.
    Changing this forces a new project to be created.  Only one of
    `org_id` or `folder_id` may be specified. If the `org_id` is
    specified then the project is created at the top level. Changing
    this forces the project to be migrated to the newly specified
    organization.

* `folder_id` - (Optional) The numeric ID of the folder this project should be
   created under. Only one of `org_id` or `folder_id` may be
   specified. If the `folder_id` is specified, then the project is
   created under the specified folder. Changing this forces the
   project to be migrated to the newly specified folder.

* `billing_account` - (Optional) The alphanumeric ID of the billing account this project
    belongs to. The user or service account performing this operation with Terraform
    must have at minimum Billing Account User privileges (`roles/billing.user`) on the billing account.
    See [Google Cloud Billing API Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/billing-access)
    for more details.

* `skip_delete` - (Optional) If true, the Terraform resource can be deleted
    without deleting the Project via the Google API. `skip_delete` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. The new release adds support for `deletion_policy` instead.

* `labels` - (Optional) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the project.
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
	Please refer to the field 'effective_labels' for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.

* `auto_create_network` - (Optional) Controls whether the 'default' network exists on the project. Defaults
    to `true`, where it is created. If set to `false`, the default network will still be created by GCP but
    will be deleted immediately by Terraform. Therefore, for quota purposes, you will still need to have 1 
    network slot available to create the project successfully, even if you set `auto_create_network` to
    `false`. Note that when `false`, Terraform enables `compute.googleapis.com` on the project to interact
    with the GCE API and currently leaves it enabled.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}`

* `number` - The numeric identifier of the project.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

Projects can be imported using the `project_id`, e.g.

* `{{project_id}}`

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Projects using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{project_id}}"
  to = google_project.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Projects can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_project.default {{project_id}}
```

Commit message:

Add deletion_policy field to Project resource (#11359)
[upstream:4bb92c3b9037ad597bdc7b0c163cb720e896a003]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/google_project.html.markdown, after:

---
subcategory: "Cloud Platform"
description: |-
 Allows management of a Google Cloud Platform project.
---

# google_project

Allows creation and management of a Google Cloud Platform project.

Projects created with this resource must be associated with an Organization.
See the [Organization documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/quickstarts) for more details.

The user or service account that is running Terraform when creating a `google_project`
resource must have `roles/resourcemanager.projectCreator` on the specified organization. See the
[Access Control for Organizations Using IAM](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-org)
doc for more information.

~> This resource reads the specified billing account on every terraform apply and plan operation so you must have permissions on the specified billing account.

~> It is recommended to use the `constraints/compute.skipDefaultNetworkCreation` [constraint](/docs/providers/google/r/google_organization_policy.html) to remove the default network instead of setting `auto_create_network` to false, when possible.

To get more information about projects, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v1/projects)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating and managing projects](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_project" "my_project" {
  name       = "My Project"
  project_id = "your-project-id"
  org_id     = "1234567"
}
```

To create a project under a specific folder

```hcl
resource "google_project" "my_project-in-a-folder" {
  name       = "My Project"
  project_id = "your-project-id"
  folder_id  = google_folder.department1.name
}

resource "google_folder" "department1" {
  display_name = "Department 1"
  parent       = "organizations/1234567"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The display name of the project.

* `project_id` - (Required) The project ID. Changing this forces a new project to be created.

* `org_id` - (Optional) The numeric ID of the organization this project belongs to.
    Changing this forces a new project to be created.  Only one of
    `org_id` or `folder_id` may be specified. If the `org_id` is
    specified then the project is created at the top level. Changing
    this forces the project to be migrated to the newly specified
    organization.

* `folder_id` - (Optional) The numeric ID of the folder this project should be
   created under. Only one of `org_id` or `folder_id` may be
   specified. If the `folder_id` is specified, then the project is
   created under the specified folder. Changing this forces the
   project to be migrated to the newly specified folder.

* `billing_account` - (Optional) The alphanumeric ID of the billing account this project
    belongs to. The user or service account performing this operation with Terraform
    must have at minimum Billing Account User privileges (`roles/billing.user`) on the billing account.
    See [Google Cloud Billing API Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/billing-access)
    for more details.

* `skip_delete` - (Optional) If true, the Terraform resource can be deleted
    without deleting the Project via the Google API. `skip_delete` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. The new release adds support for `deletion_policy` instead.

* `labels` - (Optional) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the project.
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
	Please refer to the field 'effective_labels' for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.

* `auto_create_network` - (Optional) Controls whether the 'default' network exists on the project. Defaults
    to `true`, where it is created. If set to `false`, the default network will still be created by GCP but
    will be deleted immediately by Terraform. Therefore, for quota purposes, you will still need to have 1 
    network slot available to create the project successfully, even if you set `auto_create_network` to
    `false`. Note that when `false`, Terraform enables `compute.googleapis.com` on the project to interact
    with the GCE API and currently leaves it enabled.

* `deletion_policy` -  (Optional) The deletion policy for the Project. Setting PREVENT will protect the project
   against any destroy actions caused by a terraform apply or terraform destroy. Setting ABANDON allows the resource 
   to be abandoned rather than deleted, i.e., the Terraform resource can be deleted without deleting the Project via 
   the Google API. Possible values are: "PREVENT", "ABANDON", "DELETE". Default value is `DELETE`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}`

* `number` - The numeric identifier of the project.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

Projects can be imported using the `project_id`, e.g.

* `{{project_id}}`

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Projects using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{project_id}}"
  to = google_project.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Projects can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_project.default {{project_id}}
```
