website/docs/r/healthcare_fhir_store.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
  A FhirStore is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.
---

# google\_healthcare\_fhir\_store

A FhirStore is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.hl7.org/fhir/STU3/)
standard for Healthcare information exchange


To get more information about FhirStore, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets.fhirStores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a FHIR store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/fhir)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  notification_config {
    pubsub_topic = google_pubsub_topic.topic.id
  }

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_streaming_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Streaming Config


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }

  stream_configs {
    resource_types = ["Observation"]
    bigquery_destination {
      dataset_uri = "bq://${google_bigquery_dataset.bq_dataset.project}.${google_bigquery_dataset.bq_dataset.dataset_id}"
      schema_config {
        recursive_structure_depth = 3
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}

resource "google_bigquery_dataset" "bq_dataset" {
  dataset_id    = "bq_example_dataset"
  friendly_name = "test"
  description   = "This is a test description"
  location      = "US"
  delete_contents_on_destroy = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_notification_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Notification Config


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }

  notification_config {
    pubsub_topic = "${google_pubsub_topic.topic.id}"
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_notification_configs&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Notification Configs


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset  = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version  = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }

  notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic       = "${google_pubsub_topic.topic.id}"
    send_full_resource = true
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the FhirStore.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `version` -
  (Optional)
  The FHIR specification version.
  Default value is `STU3`.
  Possible values are: `DSTU2`, `STU3`, `R4`.

* `enable_update_create` -
  (Optional)
  Whether this FHIR store has the updateCreate capability. This determines if the client can use an Update
  operation to create a new resource with a client-specified ID. If false, all IDs are server-assigned through
  the Create operation and attempts to Update a non-existent resource will return errors. Please treat the audit
  logs with appropriate levels of care if client-specified resource IDs contain sensitive data such as patient
  identifiers, those IDs will be part of the FHIR resource path recorded in Cloud audit logs and Cloud Pub/Sub
  notifications.

* `disable_referential_integrity` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to disable referential integrity in this FHIR store. This field is immutable after FHIR store
  creation. The default value is false, meaning that the API will enforce referential integrity and fail the
  requests that will result in inconsistent state in the FHIR store. When this field is set to true, the API
  will skip referential integrity check. Consequently, operations that rely on references, such as
  Patient.get$everything, will not return all the results if broken references exist.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **

* `disable_resource_versioning` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to disable resource versioning for this FHIR store. This field can not be changed after the creation
  of FHIR store. If set to false, which is the default behavior, all write operations will cause historical
  versions to be recorded automatically. The historical versions can be fetched through the history APIs, but
  cannot be updated. If set to true, no historical versions will be kept. The server will send back errors for
  attempts to read the historical versions.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **

* `enable_history_import` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to allow the bulk import API to accept history bundles and directly insert historical resource
  versions into the FHIR store. Importing resource histories creates resource interactions that appear to have
  occurred in the past, which clients may not want to allow. If set to false, history bundles within an import
  will fail with an error.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **
  ** This property can be changed manually in the Google Cloud Healthcare admin console without recreating the FHIR store **

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize FHIR stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `notification_config` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_config).

* `stream_configs` -
  (Optional)
  A list of streaming configs that configure the destinations of streaming export for every resource mutation in
  this FHIR store. Each store is allowed to have up to 10 streaming configs. After a new config is added, the next
  resource mutation is streamed to the new location in addition to the existing ones. When a location is removed
  from the list, the server stops streaming to that location. Before adding a new config, you must add the required
  bigquery.dataEditor role to your project's Cloud Healthcare Service Agent service account. Some lag (typically on
  the order of dozens of seconds) is expected before the results show up in the streaming destination.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_stream_configs).

* `notification_configs` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  A list of notifcation configs that configure the notification for every resource mutation in this FHIR store.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_configs).


<a name="nested_notification_config"></a>The `notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

<a name="nested_stream_configs"></a>The `stream_configs` block supports:

* `resource_types` -
  (Optional)
  Supply a FHIR resource type (such as "Patient" or "Observation"). See
  https://www.hl7.org/fhir/valueset-resource-types.html for a list of all FHIR resource types. The server treats
  an empty list as an intent to stream all the supported resource types in this FHIR store.

* `bigquery_destination` -
  (Required)
  The destination BigQuery structure that contains both the dataset location and corresponding schema config.
  The output is organized in one table per resource type. The server reuses the existing tables (if any) that
  are named after the resource types, e.g. "Patient", "Observation". When there is no existing table for a given
  resource type, the server attempts to create one.
  See the [streaming config reference](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.datasets.fhirStores#streamconfig) for more details.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_bigquery_destination).


<a name="nested_bigquery_destination"></a>The `bigquery_destination` block supports:

* `dataset_uri` -
  (Required)
  BigQuery URI to a dataset, up to 2000 characters long, in the format bq://projectId.bqDatasetId

* `schema_config` -
  (Required)
  The configuration for the exported BigQuery schema.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_schema_config).


<a name="nested_schema_config"></a>The `schema_config` block supports:

* `schema_type` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the output schema type.
   * ANALYTICS: Analytics schema defined by the FHIR community.
    See https://github.com/FHIR/sql-on-fhir/blob/master/sql-on-fhir.md.
   * ANALYTICS_V2: Analytics V2, similar to schema defined by the FHIR community, with added support for extensions with one or more occurrences and contained resources in stringified JSON.
   * LOSSLESS: A data-driven schema generated from the fields present in the FHIR data being exported, with no additional simplification.
  Default value is `ANALYTICS`.
  Possible values are: `ANALYTICS`, `ANALYTICS_V2`, `LOSSLESS`.

* `recursive_structure_depth` -
  (Required)
  The depth for all recursive structures in the output analytics schema. For example, concept in the CodeSystem
  resource is a recursive structure; when the depth is 2, the CodeSystem table will have a column called
  concept.concept but not concept.concept.concept. If not specified or set to 0, the server will use the default
  value 2. The maximum depth allowed is 5.

<a name="nested_notification_configs"></a>The `notification_configs` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

* `send_full_resource` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to send full FHIR resource to this Pub/Sub topic for Create and Update operation.
  Note that setting this to true does not guarantee that all resources will be sent in the format of
  full FHIR resource. When a resource change is too large or during heavy traffic, only the resource name will be
  sent. Clients should always check the "payloadType" label from a Pub/Sub message to determine whether
  it needs to fetch the full resource as a separate operation.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{dataset}}/fhirStores/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this dataset


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


FhirStore can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_fhir_store.default {{dataset}}/fhirStores/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_healthcare_fhir_store.default {{dataset}}/{{name}}
```

Commit message:

Add support for complexDataTypeReferenceParsing in FHIR Stores (#8316) (#5884)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/healthcare_fhir_store.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
  A FhirStore is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.
---

# google\_healthcare\_fhir\_store

A FhirStore is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.hl7.org/fhir/STU3/)
standard for Healthcare information exchange


To get more information about FhirStore, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets.fhirStores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a FHIR store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/fhir)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version = "R4"
  complex_data_type_reference_parsing = "DISABLED"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  notification_config {
    pubsub_topic = google_pubsub_topic.topic.id
  }

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_streaming_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Streaming Config


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }

  stream_configs {
    resource_types = ["Observation"]
    bigquery_destination {
      dataset_uri = "bq://${google_bigquery_dataset.bq_dataset.project}.${google_bigquery_dataset.bq_dataset.dataset_id}"
      schema_config {
        recursive_structure_depth = 3
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}

resource "google_bigquery_dataset" "bq_dataset" {
  dataset_id    = "bq_example_dataset"
  friendly_name = "test"
  description   = "This is a test description"
  location      = "US"
  delete_contents_on_destroy = true
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_notification_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Notification Config


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }

  notification_config {
    pubsub_topic = "${google_pubsub_topic.topic.id}"
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_fhir_store_notification_configs&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Fhir Store Notification Configs


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_fhir_store" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-fhir-store"
  dataset  = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  version  = "R4"

  enable_update_create          = false
  disable_referential_integrity = false
  disable_resource_versioning   = false
  enable_history_import         = false

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }

  notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic       = "${google_pubsub_topic.topic.id}"
    send_full_resource = true
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "fhir-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the FhirStore.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `version` -
  (Optional)
  The FHIR specification version.
  Default value is `STU3`.
  Possible values are: `DSTU2`, `STU3`, `R4`.

* `complex_data_type_reference_parsing` -
  (Optional)
  Enable parsing of references within complex FHIR data types such as Extensions. If this value is set to ENABLED, then features like referential integrity and Bundle reference rewriting apply to all references. If this flag has not been specified the behavior of the FHIR store will not change, references in complex data types will not be parsed. New stores will have this value set to ENABLED by default after a notification period. Warning: turning on this flag causes processing existing resources to fail if they contain references to non-existent resources.
  Possible values are: `COMPLEX_DATA_TYPE_REFERENCE_PARSING_UNSPECIFIED`, `DISABLED`, `ENABLED`.

* `enable_update_create` -
  (Optional)
  Whether this FHIR store has the updateCreate capability. This determines if the client can use an Update
  operation to create a new resource with a client-specified ID. If false, all IDs are server-assigned through
  the Create operation and attempts to Update a non-existent resource will return errors. Please treat the audit
  logs with appropriate levels of care if client-specified resource IDs contain sensitive data such as patient
  identifiers, those IDs will be part of the FHIR resource path recorded in Cloud audit logs and Cloud Pub/Sub
  notifications.

* `disable_referential_integrity` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to disable referential integrity in this FHIR store. This field is immutable after FHIR store
  creation. The default value is false, meaning that the API will enforce referential integrity and fail the
  requests that will result in inconsistent state in the FHIR store. When this field is set to true, the API
  will skip referential integrity check. Consequently, operations that rely on references, such as
  Patient.get$everything, will not return all the results if broken references exist.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **

* `disable_resource_versioning` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to disable resource versioning for this FHIR store. This field can not be changed after the creation
  of FHIR store. If set to false, which is the default behavior, all write operations will cause historical
  versions to be recorded automatically. The historical versions can be fetched through the history APIs, but
  cannot be updated. If set to true, no historical versions will be kept. The server will send back errors for
  attempts to read the historical versions.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **

* `enable_history_import` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to allow the bulk import API to accept history bundles and directly insert historical resource
  versions into the FHIR store. Importing resource histories creates resource interactions that appear to have
  occurred in the past, which clients may not want to allow. If set to false, history bundles within an import
  will fail with an error.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the FHIR store (removing all data) **
  ** This property can be changed manually in the Google Cloud Healthcare admin console without recreating the FHIR store **

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize FHIR stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `notification_config` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_config).

* `stream_configs` -
  (Optional)
  A list of streaming configs that configure the destinations of streaming export for every resource mutation in
  this FHIR store. Each store is allowed to have up to 10 streaming configs. After a new config is added, the next
  resource mutation is streamed to the new location in addition to the existing ones. When a location is removed
  from the list, the server stops streaming to that location. Before adding a new config, you must add the required
  bigquery.dataEditor role to your project's Cloud Healthcare Service Agent service account. Some lag (typically on
  the order of dozens of seconds) is expected before the results show up in the streaming destination.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_stream_configs).

* `notification_configs` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  A list of notifcation configs that configure the notification for every resource mutation in this FHIR store.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_configs).


<a name="nested_notification_config"></a>The `notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

<a name="nested_stream_configs"></a>The `stream_configs` block supports:

* `resource_types` -
  (Optional)
  Supply a FHIR resource type (such as "Patient" or "Observation"). See
  https://www.hl7.org/fhir/valueset-resource-types.html for a list of all FHIR resource types. The server treats
  an empty list as an intent to stream all the supported resource types in this FHIR store.

* `bigquery_destination` -
  (Required)
  The destination BigQuery structure that contains both the dataset location and corresponding schema config.
  The output is organized in one table per resource type. The server reuses the existing tables (if any) that
  are named after the resource types, e.g. "Patient", "Observation". When there is no existing table for a given
  resource type, the server attempts to create one.
  See the [streaming config reference](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.datasets.fhirStores#streamconfig) for more details.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_bigquery_destination).


<a name="nested_bigquery_destination"></a>The `bigquery_destination` block supports:

* `dataset_uri` -
  (Required)
  BigQuery URI to a dataset, up to 2000 characters long, in the format bq://projectId.bqDatasetId

* `schema_config` -
  (Required)
  The configuration for the exported BigQuery schema.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_schema_config).


<a name="nested_schema_config"></a>The `schema_config` block supports:

* `schema_type` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the output schema type.
   * ANALYTICS: Analytics schema defined by the FHIR community.
    See https://github.com/FHIR/sql-on-fhir/blob/master/sql-on-fhir.md.
   * ANALYTICS_V2: Analytics V2, similar to schema defined by the FHIR community, with added support for extensions with one or more occurrences and contained resources in stringified JSON.
   * LOSSLESS: A data-driven schema generated from the fields present in the FHIR data being exported, with no additional simplification.
  Default value is `ANALYTICS`.
  Possible values are: `ANALYTICS`, `ANALYTICS_V2`, `LOSSLESS`.

* `recursive_structure_depth` -
  (Required)
  The depth for all recursive structures in the output analytics schema. For example, concept in the CodeSystem
  resource is a recursive structure; when the depth is 2, the CodeSystem table will have a column called
  concept.concept but not concept.concept.concept. If not specified or set to 0, the server will use the default
  value 2. The maximum depth allowed is 5.

<a name="nested_notification_configs"></a>The `notification_configs` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

* `send_full_resource` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to send full FHIR resource to this Pub/Sub topic for Create and Update operation.
  Note that setting this to true does not guarantee that all resources will be sent in the format of
  full FHIR resource. When a resource change is too large or during heavy traffic, only the resource name will be
  sent. Clients should always check the "payloadType" label from a Pub/Sub message to determine whether
  it needs to fetch the full resource as a separate operation.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{dataset}}/fhirStores/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this dataset


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


FhirStore can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_fhir_store.default {{dataset}}/fhirStores/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_healthcare_fhir_store.default {{dataset}}/{{name}}
```
