---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Nathan is editing this to generate diffs in lots of files.
#     He won't submit this change.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-healthcare-hl7-v2-store"
description: |-
  A Hl7V2Store is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.
---

# google\_healthcare\_hl7\_v2\_store

A Hl7V2Store is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.hl7.org/hl7V2/STU3/)
standard for Healthcare information exchange

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Hl7V2Store, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.datasets.hl7V2Stores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a HL7v2 Store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/hl7v2)

## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "default" {
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  parser_config {
    allow_null_header  = false
    segment_terminator = "Jw=="
  }

  notification_config {
    pubsub_topic = google_pubsub_topic.topic.id
  }

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }
  provider = google-beta
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "hl7-v2-notifications"
  provider = google-beta
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
  provider = google-beta
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the Hl7V2Store.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the Hl7v2 store (removing all data) **

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `parser_config` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource  Structure is documented below.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize HL7v2 stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `notification_config` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource  Structure is documented below.


The `parser_config` block supports:

* `allow_null_header` -
  (Optional)
  Determines whether messages with no header are allowed.

* `segment_terminator` -
  (Optional)
  Byte(s) to be used as the segment terminator. If this is unset, '\r' will be used as segment terminator.
  A base64-encoded string.

The `notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. cloud-healthcare@system.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:


* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this dataset


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

Hl7V2Store can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import -provider=google-beta google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store.default {{dataset}}/hl7V2Stores/{{name}}
$ terraform import -provider=google-beta google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store.default {{dataset}}/{{name}}
```

-> If you're importing a resource with beta features, make sure to include `-provider=google-beta`
as an argument so that Terraform uses the correct provider to import your resource.
