website/docs/r/healthcare_hl7_v2_store.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
  A Hl7V2Store is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.
---

# google\_healthcare\_hl7\_v2\_store

A Hl7V2Store is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.hl7.org/hl7V2/STU3/)
standard for Healthcare information exchange


To get more information about Hl7V2Store, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets.hl7V2Stores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a HL7v2 Store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/hl7v2)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_hl7_v2_store_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "store" {
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic = google_pubsub_topic.topic.id
  }

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "hl7-v2-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_hl7_v2_store_parser_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Parser Config


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "store" {
  provider = google-beta
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  parser_config {
    allow_null_header  = false
    segment_terminator = "Jw=="
    schema = <<EOF
{
  "schemas": [{
    "messageSchemaConfigs": {
      "ADT_A01": {
        "name": "ADT_A01",
        "minOccurs": 1,
        "maxOccurs": 1,
        "members": [{
            "segment": {
              "type": "MSH",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "EVN",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "PID",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "ZPD",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "OBX"
            }
          },
          {
            "group": {
              "name": "PROCEDURE",
              "members": [{
                  "segment": {
                    "type": "PR1",
                    "minOccurs": 1,
                    "maxOccurs": 1
                  }
                },
                {
                  "segment": {
                    "type": "ROL"
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "PDA",
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }],
  "types": [{
    "type": [{
        "name": "ZPD",
        "primitive": "VARIES"
      }

    ]
  }],
  "ignoreMinOccurs": true
}
EOF
  }
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_hl7_v2_store_unschematized&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Unschematized


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "store" {
  provider = google-beta
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  parser_config {
    allow_null_header  = false
    segment_terminator = "Jw=="
    version            = "V2"
  }
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the Hl7V2Store.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the Hl7v2 store (removing all data) **

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `parser_config` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_parser_config).

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize HL7v2 stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `notification_configs` -
  (Optional)
  A list of notification configs. Each configuration uses a filter to determine whether to publish a
  message (both Ingest & Create) on the corresponding notification destination. Only the message name
  is sent as part of the notification. Supplied by the client.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_configs).

* `notification_config` -
  (Optional, Deprecated)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_config).

  ~> **Warning:** `notification_config` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Use `notification_configs` instead.


<a name="nested_parser_config"></a>The `parser_config` block supports:

* `allow_null_header` -
  (Optional)
  Determines whether messages with no header are allowed.

* `segment_terminator` -
  (Optional)
  Byte(s) to be used as the segment terminator. If this is unset, '\r' will be used as segment terminator.
  A base64-encoded string.

* `schema` -
  (Optional)
  JSON encoded string for schemas used to parse messages in this
  store if schematized parsing is desired.

* `version` -
  (Optional)
  The version of the unschematized parser to be used when a custom `schema` is not set.
  Default value is `V1`.
  Possible values are: `V1`, `V2`, `V3`.

<a name="nested_notification_configs"></a>The `notification_configs` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.
  If a notification cannot be published to Cloud Pub/Sub, errors will be logged to Stackdriver

* `filter` -
  (Optional)
  Restricts notifications sent for messages matching a filter. If this is empty, all messages
  are matched. Syntax: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/search/query_strings
  Fields/functions available for filtering are:
  * messageType, from the MSH-9.1 field. For example, NOT messageType = "ADT".
  * send_date or sendDate, the YYYY-MM-DD date the message was sent in the dataset's timeZone, from the MSH-7 segment. For example, send_date < "2017-01-02".
  * sendTime, the timestamp when the message was sent, using the RFC3339 time format for comparisons, from the MSH-7 segment. For example, sendTime < "2017-01-02T00:00:00-05:00".
  * sendFacility, the care center that the message came from, from the MSH-4 segment. For example, sendFacility = "ABC".
  * PatientId(value, type), which matches if the message lists a patient having an ID of the given value and type in the PID-2, PID-3, or PID-4 segments. For example, PatientId("123456", "MRN").
  * labels.x, a string value of the label with key x as set using the Message.labels map. For example, labels."priority"="high". The operator :* can be used to assert the existence of a label. For example, labels."priority":*.

<a name="nested_notification_config"></a>The `notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{dataset}}/hl7V2Stores/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this dataset

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Hl7V2Store can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store.default {{dataset}}/hl7V2Stores/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store.default {{dataset}}/{{name}}
```

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/healthcare_hl7_v2_store.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
  A Hl7V2Store is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.
---

# google\_healthcare\_hl7\_v2\_store

A Hl7V2Store is a datastore inside a Healthcare dataset that conforms to the FHIR (https://www.hl7.org/hl7V2/STU3/)
standard for Healthcare information exchange


To get more information about Hl7V2Store, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets.hl7V2Stores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a HL7v2 Store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/hl7v2)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_hl7_v2_store_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "store" {
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  notification_configs {
    pubsub_topic = google_pubsub_topic.topic.id
  }

  labels = {
    label1 = "labelvalue1"
  }
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "topic" {
  name     = "hl7-v2-notifications"
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_hl7_v2_store_parser_config&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Parser Config


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "store" {
  provider = google-beta
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  parser_config {
    allow_null_header  = false
    segment_terminator = "Jw=="
    schema = <<EOF
{
  "schemas": [{
    "messageSchemaConfigs": {
      "ADT_A01": {
        "name": "ADT_A01",
        "minOccurs": 1,
        "maxOccurs": 1,
        "members": [{
            "segment": {
              "type": "MSH",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "EVN",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "PID",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "ZPD",
              "minOccurs": 1,
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "OBX"
            }
          },
          {
            "group": {
              "name": "PROCEDURE",
              "members": [{
                  "segment": {
                    "type": "PR1",
                    "minOccurs": 1,
                    "maxOccurs": 1
                  }
                },
                {
                  "segment": {
                    "type": "ROL"
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          },
          {
            "segment": {
              "type": "PDA",
              "maxOccurs": 1
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }],
  "types": [{
    "type": [{
        "name": "ZPD",
        "primitive": "VARIES"
      }

    ]
  }],
  "ignoreMinOccurs": true
}
EOF
  }
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_hl7_v2_store_unschematized&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Hl7 V2 Store Unschematized


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store" "store" {
  provider = google-beta
  name    = "example-hl7-v2-store"
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id

  parser_config {
    allow_null_header  = false
    segment_terminator = "Jw=="
    version            = "V2"
  }
}

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "example-dataset"
  location = "us-central1"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the Hl7V2Store.
  ** Changing this property may recreate the Hl7v2 store (removing all data) **

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `parser_config` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_parser_config).

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize HL7v2 stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `notification_configs` -
  (Optional)
  A list of notification configs. Each configuration uses a filter to determine whether to publish a
  message (both Ingest & Create) on the corresponding notification destination. Only the message name
  is sent as part of the notification. Supplied by the client.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_configs).

* `notification_config` -
  (Optional, Deprecated)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_notification_config).

  ~> **Warning:** `notification_config` is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Use `notification_configs` instead.


<a name="nested_parser_config"></a>The `parser_config` block supports:

* `allow_null_header` -
  (Optional)
  Determines whether messages with no header are allowed.

* `segment_terminator` -
  (Optional)
  Byte(s) to be used as the segment terminator. If this is unset, '\r' will be used as segment terminator.
  A base64-encoded string.

* `schema` -
  (Optional)
  JSON encoded string for schemas used to parse messages in this
  store if schematized parsing is desired.

* `version` -
  (Optional)
  The version of the unschematized parser to be used when a custom `schema` is not set.
  Default value is `V1`.
  Possible values are: `V1`, `V2`, `V3`.

<a name="nested_notification_configs"></a>The `notification_configs` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.
  If a notification cannot be published to Cloud Pub/Sub, errors will be logged to Stackdriver

* `filter` -
  (Optional)
  Restricts notifications sent for messages matching a filter. If this is empty, all messages
  are matched. Syntax: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/search/query_strings
  Fields/functions available for filtering are:
  * messageType, from the MSH-9.1 field. For example, NOT messageType = "ADT".
  * send_date or sendDate, the YYYY-MM-DD date the message was sent in the dataset's timeZone, from the MSH-7 segment. For example, send_date < "2017-01-02".
  * sendTime, the timestamp when the message was sent, using the RFC3339 time format for comparisons, from the MSH-7 segment. For example, sendTime < "2017-01-02T00:00:00-05:00".
  * sendFacility, the care center that the message came from, from the MSH-4 segment. For example, sendFacility = "ABC".
  * PatientId(value, type), which matches if the message lists a patient having an ID of the given value and type in the PID-2, PID-3, or PID-4 segments. For example, PatientId("123456", "MRN").
  * labels.x, a string value of the label with key x as set using the Message.labels map. For example, labels."priority"="high". The operator :* can be used to assert the existence of a label. For example, labels."priority":*.

<a name="nested_notification_config"></a>The `notification_config` block supports:

* `pubsub_topic` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud Pub/Sub topic that notifications of changes are published on. Supplied by the client.
  PubsubMessage.Data will contain the resource name. PubsubMessage.MessageId is the ID of this message.
  It is guaranteed to be unique within the topic. PubsubMessage.PublishTime is the time at which the message
  was published. Notifications are only sent if the topic is non-empty. Topic names must be scoped to a
  project. service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-healthcare.iam.gserviceaccount.com must have publisher permissions on the given
  Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Not having adequate permissions will cause the calls that send notifications to fail.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{dataset}}/hl7V2Stores/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this dataset

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Hl7V2Store can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store.default {{dataset}}/hl7V2Stores/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store.default {{dataset}}/{{name}}
```
