website/docs/r/healthcare_consent_store.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
  The Consent Management API is a tool for tracking user consents and the documentation associated with the consents.
---

# google\_healthcare\_consent\_store

The Consent Management API is a tool for tracking user consents and the documentation associated with the consents.


To get more information about ConsentStore, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets.consentStores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a Consent store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/consent)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_consent_store_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Consent Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "my-dataset"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store" "my-consent" {
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  name    = "my-consent-store"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_consent_store_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Consent Store Full


```hcl

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "my-dataset"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store" "my-consent" {
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  name    = "my-consent-store"

  enable_consent_create_on_update = true
  default_consent_ttl             = "90000s"

  labels = {
    "label1" = "labelvalue1"
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_consent_store_iam&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Consent Store Iam


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "my-dataset"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store" "my-consent" {
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  name    = "my-consent-store"
}

resource "google_service_account" "test-account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store_iam_member" "test-iam" {
  dataset          = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  consent_store_id = google_healthcare_consent_store.my-consent.name
  role             = "roles/editor"
  member           = "serviceAccount:${google_service_account.test-account.email}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of this ConsentStore, for example:
  "consent1"

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `default_consent_ttl` -
  (Optional)
  Default time to live for consents in this store. Must be at least 24 hours. Updating this field will not affect the expiration time of existing consents.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `enable_consent_create_on_update` -
  (Optional)
  If true, [consents.patch] [google.cloud.healthcare.v1.consent.UpdateConsent] creates the consent if it does not already exist.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize Consent stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: `[\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}`
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: `[\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}`
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{dataset}}/consentStores/{{name}}`

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


ConsentStore can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_consent_store.default {{dataset}}/consentStores/{{name}}
```

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051) (#6375)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/healthcare_consent_store.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
  The Consent Management API is a tool for tracking user consents and the documentation associated with the consents.
---

# google\_healthcare\_consent\_store

The Consent Management API is a tool for tracking user consents and the documentation associated with the consents.


To get more information about ConsentStore, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets.consentStores)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a Consent store](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/how-tos/consent)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_consent_store_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Consent Store Basic


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "my-dataset"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store" "my-consent" {
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  name    = "my-consent-store"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_consent_store_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Consent Store Full


```hcl

resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "my-dataset"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store" "my-consent" {
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  name    = "my-consent-store"

  enable_consent_create_on_update = true
  default_consent_ttl             = "90000s"

  labels = {
    "label1" = "labelvalue1"
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=healthcare_consent_store_iam&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Healthcare Consent Store Iam


```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_dataset" "dataset" {
  location = "us-central1"
  name     = "my-dataset"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store" "my-consent" {
  dataset = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  name    = "my-consent-store"
}

resource "google_service_account" "test-account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_healthcare_consent_store_iam_member" "test-iam" {
  dataset          = google_healthcare_dataset.dataset.id
  consent_store_id = google_healthcare_consent_store.my-consent.name
  role             = "roles/editor"
  member           = "serviceAccount:${google_service_account.test-account.email}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of this ConsentStore, for example:
  "consent1"

* `dataset` -
  (Required)
  Identifies the dataset addressed by this request. Must be in the format
  'projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}'


- - -


* `default_consent_ttl` -
  (Optional)
  Default time to live for consents in this store. Must be at least 24 hours. Updating this field will not affect the expiration time of existing consents.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `enable_consent_create_on_update` -
  (Optional)
  If true, [consents.patch] [google.cloud.healthcare.v1.consent.UpdateConsent] creates the consent if it does not already exist.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  User-supplied key-value pairs used to organize Consent stores.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes, and must
  conform to the following PCRE regular expression: `[\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}`
  Label values are optional, must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128
  bytes, and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: `[\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}`
  No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given store.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{dataset}}/consentStores/{{name}}`

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


ConsentStore can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_consent_store.default {{dataset}}/consentStores/{{name}}
```
