website/docs/r/kms_crypto_key.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Key Management Service"
description: |-
  A `CryptoKey` represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.
---

# google\_kms\_crypto\_key

A `CryptoKey` represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.


~> **Note:** CryptoKeys cannot be deleted from Google Cloud Platform.
Destroying a Terraform-managed CryptoKey will remove it from state
and delete all CryptoKeyVersions, rendering the key unusable, but *will
not delete the resource from the project.* When Terraform destroys these keys,
any data previously encrypted with these keys will be irrecoverable.
For this reason, it is strongly recommended that you add lifecycle hooks
to the resource to prevent accidental destruction.


To get more information about CryptoKey, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a key](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/creating-keys#create_a_key)

## Example Usage - Kms Crypto Key Basic


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-key" {
  name            = "crypto-key-example"
  key_ring        = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  rotation_period = "100000s"

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Kms Crypto Key Asymmetric Sign


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-asymmetric-sign-key" {
  name     = "crypto-key-example"
  key_ring = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  purpose  = "ASYMMETRIC_SIGN"

  version_template {
    algorithm = "EC_SIGN_P384_SHA384"
  }

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the CryptoKey.

* `key_ring` -
  (Required)
  The KeyRing that this key belongs to.
  Format: `'projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{keyRing}}'`.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels with user-defined metadata to apply to this resource.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The immutable purpose of this CryptoKey. See the
  [purpose reference](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys#CryptoKeyPurpose)
  for possible inputs.
  Default value is "ENCRYPT_DECRYPT".

* `rotation_period` -
  (Optional)
  Every time this period passes, generate a new CryptoKeyVersion and set it as the primary.
  The first rotation will take place after the specified period. The rotation period has
  the format of a decimal number with up to 9 fractional digits, followed by the
  letter `s` (seconds). It must be greater than a day (ie, 86400).

* `version_template` -
  (Optional)
  A template describing settings for new crypto key versions.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_version_template).

* `destroy_scheduled_duration` -
  (Optional)
  The period of time that versions of this key spend in the DESTROY_SCHEDULED state before transitioning to DESTROYED.
  If not specified at creation time, the default duration is 24 hours.

* `import_only` -
  (Optional)
  Whether this key may contain imported versions only.

* `skip_initial_version_creation` -
  (Optional)
  If set to true, the request will create a CryptoKey without any CryptoKeyVersions.
  You must use the `google_kms_key_ring_import_job` resource to import the CryptoKeyVersion.


<a name="nested_version_template"></a>The `version_template` block supports:

* `algorithm` -
  (Required)
  The algorithm to use when creating a version based on this template.
  See the [algorithm reference](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/CryptoKeyVersionAlgorithm) for possible inputs.

* `protection_level` -
  (Optional)
  The protection level to use when creating a version based on this template. Possible values include "SOFTWARE", "HSM", "EXTERNAL", "EXTERNAL_VPC". Defaults to "SOFTWARE".

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}`

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CryptoKey can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_kms_crypto_key.default {{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_kms_crypto_key.default {{key_ring}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/kms_crypto_key.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Key Management Service"
description: |-
  A `CryptoKey` represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.
---

# google\_kms\_crypto\_key

A `CryptoKey` represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.


~> **Note:** CryptoKeys cannot be deleted from Google Cloud Platform.
Destroying a Terraform-managed CryptoKey will remove it from state
and delete all CryptoKeyVersions, rendering the key unusable, but *will
not delete the resource from the project.* When Terraform destroys these keys,
any data previously encrypted with these keys will be irrecoverable.
For this reason, it is strongly recommended that you add lifecycle hooks
to the resource to prevent accidental destruction.


To get more information about CryptoKey, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a key](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/creating-keys#create_a_key)

## Example Usage - Kms Crypto Key Basic


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-key" {
  name            = "crypto-key-example"
  key_ring        = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  rotation_period = "100000s"

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Kms Crypto Key Asymmetric Sign


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-asymmetric-sign-key" {
  name     = "crypto-key-example"
  key_ring = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  purpose  = "ASYMMETRIC_SIGN"

  version_template {
    algorithm = "EC_SIGN_P384_SHA384"
  }

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the CryptoKey.

* `key_ring` -
  (Required)
  The KeyRing that this key belongs to.
  Format: `'projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{keyRing}}'`.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels with user-defined metadata to apply to this resource.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The immutable purpose of this CryptoKey. See the
  [purpose reference](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys#CryptoKeyPurpose)
  for possible inputs.
  Default value is "ENCRYPT_DECRYPT".

* `rotation_period` -
  (Optional)
  Every time this period passes, generate a new CryptoKeyVersion and set it as the primary.
  The first rotation will take place after the specified period. The rotation period has
  the format of a decimal number with up to 9 fractional digits, followed by the
  letter `s` (seconds). It must be greater than a day (ie, 86400).

* `version_template` -
  (Optional)
  A template describing settings for new crypto key versions.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_version_template).

* `destroy_scheduled_duration` -
  (Optional)
  The period of time that versions of this key spend in the DESTROY_SCHEDULED state before transitioning to DESTROYED.
  If not specified at creation time, the default duration is 24 hours.

* `import_only` -
  (Optional)
  Whether this key may contain imported versions only.

* `skip_initial_version_creation` -
  (Optional)
  If set to true, the request will create a CryptoKey without any CryptoKeyVersions.
  You must use the `google_kms_key_ring_import_job` resource to import the CryptoKeyVersion.


<a name="nested_version_template"></a>The `version_template` block supports:

* `algorithm` -
  (Required)
  The algorithm to use when creating a version based on this template.
  See the [algorithm reference](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/CryptoKeyVersionAlgorithm) for possible inputs.

* `protection_level` -
  (Optional)
  The protection level to use when creating a version based on this template. Possible values include "SOFTWARE", "HSM", "EXTERNAL", "EXTERNAL_VPC". Defaults to "SOFTWARE".

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}`

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CryptoKey can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_kms_crypto_key.default {{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_kms_crypto_key.default {{key_ring}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
