website/docs/r/logging_organization_bucket_config.html.markdown, before:

---
subcategory: "Cloud (Stackdriver) Logging"
description: |-
  Manages a organization-level logging bucket config.
---

# google\_logging\_organization\_bucket\_config

Manages a organization-level logging bucket config. For more information see
[the official logging documentation](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/) and
[Storing Logs](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/storage).

~> **Note:** Logging buckets are automatically created for a given folder, project, organization, billingAccount and cannot be deleted. Creating a resource of this type will acquire and update the resource that already exists at the desired location. These buckets cannot be removed so deleting this resource will remove the bucket config from your terraform state but will leave the logging bucket unchanged. The buckets that are currently automatically created are "_Default" and "_Required".

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_organization" "default" {
	organization = "123456789"
}

resource "google_logging_organization_bucket_config" "basic" {
	organization    = data.google_organization.default.organization
	location  = "global"
	retention_days = 30
	bucket_id = "_Default"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `organization` - (Required) The parent resource that contains the logging bucket.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the bucket. The supported locations are: "global" "us-central1"

* `bucket_id` - (Required) The name of the logging bucket. Logging automatically creates two log buckets: `_Required` and `_Default`.

* `description` - (Optional) Describes this bucket.

* `retention_days` - (Optional) Logs will be retained by default for this amount of time, after which they will automatically be deleted. The minimum retention period is 1 day. If this value is set to zero at bucket creation time, the default time of 30 days will be used. Bucket retention can not be increased on buckets outside of projects.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/buckets/{{bucket_id}}`

* `name` -  The resource name of the bucket. For example: "organizations/my-organization-id/locations/my-location/buckets/my-bucket-id"

* `lifecycle_state` -  The bucket's lifecycle such as active or deleted. See [LifecycleState](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/reference/v2/rest/v2/billingAccounts.buckets#LogBucket.LifecycleState).

## Import


This resource can be imported using the following format:

```
$ terraform import google_logging_organization_bucket_config.default organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/buckets/{{bucket_id}}
```

Commit message:

Add info about plannable import to handwritten documentation (non-IAM resources), Part 2 (#9100) (#6440)
* Update `Import` section of Container resources

* Update `Import` section of Dataflow, Dataproc, Dialogflow resources

* Update `Import` section of DNS, GKEHub resources

* Update `Import` section of Billing resources

* Update `Import` section of Folder resources

* Update `Import` section of Org Policy resources

* Update `Import` section of IAM resources

* Update `Import` section of Project, Project Service resources

* Update `Import` section of ServiceNetworking, Tags resources

* Update `Import` section of Logging resources

* Fix unfilled template fields

* Update `Import` section of more Logging resources
[upstream:8e06fd41ab4f60da5680d99930f13bd89746f5ef]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/logging_organization_bucket_config.html.markdown, after:

---
subcategory: "Cloud (Stackdriver) Logging"
description: |-
  Manages a organization-level logging bucket config.
---

# google\_logging\_organization\_bucket\_config

Manages a organization-level logging bucket config. For more information see
[the official logging documentation](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/) and
[Storing Logs](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/storage).

~> **Note:** Logging buckets are automatically created for a given folder, project, organization, billingAccount and cannot be deleted. Creating a resource of this type will acquire and update the resource that already exists at the desired location. These buckets cannot be removed so deleting this resource will remove the bucket config from your terraform state but will leave the logging bucket unchanged. The buckets that are currently automatically created are "_Default" and "_Required".

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_organization" "default" {
	organization = "123456789"
}

resource "google_logging_organization_bucket_config" "basic" {
	organization    = data.google_organization.default.organization
	location  = "global"
	retention_days = 30
	bucket_id = "_Default"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `organization` - (Required) The parent resource that contains the logging bucket.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the bucket. The supported locations are: "global" "us-central1"

* `bucket_id` - (Required) The name of the logging bucket. Logging automatically creates two log buckets: `_Required` and `_Default`.

* `description` - (Optional) Describes this bucket.

* `retention_days` - (Optional) Logs will be retained by default for this amount of time, after which they will automatically be deleted. The minimum retention period is 1 day. If this value is set to zero at bucket creation time, the default time of 30 days will be used. Bucket retention can not be increased on buckets outside of projects.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/buckets/{{bucket_id}}`

* `name` -  The resource name of the bucket. For example: "organizations/my-organization-id/locations/my-location/buckets/my-bucket-id"

* `lifecycle_state` -  The bucket's lifecycle such as active or deleted. See [LifecycleState](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/reference/v2/rest/v2/billingAccounts.buckets#LogBucket.LifecycleState).

## Import

This resource can be imported using the following format:

* `organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/buckets/{{bucket_id}}`

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import this resource using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/buckets/{{bucket_id}}"
  to = google_logging_organization_bucket_config.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), this resource can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_logging_organization_bucket_config.default organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/buckets/{{bucket_id}}
```
