website/docs/r/memcache_instance.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Memcache"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud Memcache instance.
---

# google\_memcache\_instance

A Google Cloud Memcache instance.


To get more information about Instance, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/memcached/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.instances)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/memcache/docs/creating-instances)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=memcache_instance_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Memcache Instance Basic


```hcl
// This example assumes this network already exists.
// The API creates a tenant network per network authorized for a
// Memcache instance and that network is not deleted when the user-created
// network (authorized_network) is deleted, so this prevents issues
// with tenant network quota.
// If this network hasn't been created and you are using this example in your
// config, add an additional network resource or change
// this from "data"to "resource"
resource "google_compute_network" "memcache_network" {
  name = "test-network"
}

resource "google_compute_global_address" "service_range" {
  name          = "address"
  purpose       = "VPC_PEERING"
  address_type  = "INTERNAL"
  prefix_length = 16
  network       = google_compute_network.memcache_network.id
}

resource "google_service_networking_connection" "private_service_connection" {
  network                 = google_compute_network.memcache_network.id
  service                 = "servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
  reserved_peering_ranges = [google_compute_global_address.service_range.name]
}

resource "google_memcache_instance" "instance" {
  name = "test-instance"
  authorized_network = google_service_networking_connection.private_service_connection.network

  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }

  node_config {
    cpu_count      = 1
    memory_size_mb = 1024
  }
  node_count = 1
  memcache_version = "MEMCACHE_1_5"

  maintenance_policy {
    weekly_maintenance_window {
      day      = "SATURDAY"
      duration = "14400s"
      start_time {
        hours = 0
        minutes = 30
        seconds = 0
        nanos = 0
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the instance.

* `node_count` -
  (Required)
  Number of nodes in the memcache instance.

* `node_config` -
  (Required)
  Configuration for memcache nodes.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_node_config).


<a name="nested_node_config"></a>The `node_config` block supports:

* `cpu_count` -
  (Required)
  Number of CPUs per node.

* `memory_size_mb` -
  (Required)
  Memory size in Mebibytes for each memcache node.

- - -


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  A user-visible name for the instance.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

* `zones` -
  (Optional)
  Zones where memcache nodes should be provisioned.  If not
  provided, all zones will be used.

* `authorized_network` -
  (Optional)
  The full name of the GCE network to connect the instance to.  If not provided,
  'default' will be used.

* `memcache_version` -
  (Optional)
  The major version of Memcached software. If not provided, latest supported version will be used.
  Currently the latest supported major version is MEMCACHE_1_5. The minor version will be automatically
  determined by our system based on the latest supported minor version.
  Default value is `MEMCACHE_1_5`.
  Possible values are: `MEMCACHE_1_5`.

* `memcache_parameters` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified parameters for this memcache instance.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_memcache_parameters).

* `maintenance_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Maintenance policy for an instance.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_maintenance_policy).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the Memcache instance. If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_memcache_parameters"></a>The `memcache_parameters` block supports:

* `id` -
  (Output)
  This is a unique ID associated with this set of parameters.

* `params` -
  (Optional)
  User-defined set of parameters to use in the memcache process.

<a name="nested_maintenance_policy"></a>The `maintenance_policy` block supports:

* `create_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The time when the policy was created.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits

* `update_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The time when the policy was updated.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Description of what this policy is for.
  Create/Update methods return INVALID_ARGUMENT if the
  length is greater than 512.

* `weekly_maintenance_window` -
  (Required)
  Required. Maintenance window that is applied to resources covered by this policy.
  Minimum 1. For the current version, the maximum number of weekly_maintenance_windows
  is expected to be one.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_weekly_maintenance_window).


<a name="nested_weekly_maintenance_window"></a>The `weekly_maintenance_window` block supports:

* `day` -
  (Required)
  Required. The day of week that maintenance updates occur.
  - DAY_OF_WEEK_UNSPECIFIED: The day of the week is unspecified.
  - MONDAY: Monday
  - TUESDAY: Tuesday
  - WEDNESDAY: Wednesday
  - THURSDAY: Thursday
  - FRIDAY: Friday
  - SATURDAY: Saturday
  - SUNDAY: Sunday
  Possible values are: `DAY_OF_WEEK_UNSPECIFIED`, `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`.

* `duration` -
  (Required)
  Required. The length of the maintenance window, ranging from 3 hours to 8 hours.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits,
  terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `start_time` -
  (Required)
  Required. Start time of the window in UTC time.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_start_time).


<a name="nested_start_time"></a>The `start_time` block supports:

* `hours` -
  (Optional)
  Hours of day in 24 hour format. Should be from 0 to 23.
  An API may choose to allow the value "24:00:00" for scenarios like business closing time.

* `minutes` -
  (Optional)
  Minutes of hour of day. Must be from 0 to 59.

* `seconds` -
  (Optional)
  Seconds of minutes of the time. Must normally be from 0 to 59.
  An API may allow the value 60 if it allows leap-seconds.

* `nanos` -
  (Optional)
  Fractions of seconds in nanoseconds. Must be from 0 to 999,999,999.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/instances/{{name}}`

* `memcache_nodes` -
  Additional information about the instance state, if available.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_memcache_nodes).

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `discovery_endpoint` -
  Endpoint for Discovery API

* `memcache_full_version` -
  The full version of memcached server running on this instance.

* `maintenance_schedule` -
  Output only. Published maintenance schedule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_maintenance_schedule).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_memcache_nodes"></a>The `memcache_nodes` block contains:

* `node_id` -
  (Output)
  Identifier of the Memcached node. The node id does not include project or location like the Memcached instance name.

* `zone` -
  (Output)
  Location (GCP Zone) for the Memcached node.

* `port` -
  (Output)
  The port number of the Memcached server on this node.

* `host` -
  (Output)
  Hostname or IP address of the Memcached node used by the clients to connect to the Memcached server on this node.

* `state` -
  (Output)
  Current state of the Memcached node.

<a name="nested_maintenance_schedule"></a>The `maintenance_schedule` block contains:

* `start_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The start time of any upcoming scheduled maintenance for this instance.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `end_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The end time of any upcoming scheduled maintenance for this instance.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `schedule_deadline_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The deadline that the maintenance schedule start time
  can not go beyond, including reschedule.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Instance can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/instances/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051) (#6375)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/memcache_instance.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Memcache"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud Memcache instance.
---

# google\_memcache\_instance

A Google Cloud Memcache instance.


To get more information about Instance, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/memcached/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.instances)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/memcache/docs/creating-instances)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=memcache_instance_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Memcache Instance Basic


```hcl
// This example assumes this network already exists.
// The API creates a tenant network per network authorized for a
// Memcache instance and that network is not deleted when the user-created
// network (authorized_network) is deleted, so this prevents issues
// with tenant network quota.
// If this network hasn't been created and you are using this example in your
// config, add an additional network resource or change
// this from "data"to "resource"
resource "google_compute_network" "memcache_network" {
  name = "test-network"
}

resource "google_compute_global_address" "service_range" {
  name          = "address"
  purpose       = "VPC_PEERING"
  address_type  = "INTERNAL"
  prefix_length = 16
  network       = google_compute_network.memcache_network.id
}

resource "google_service_networking_connection" "private_service_connection" {
  network                 = google_compute_network.memcache_network.id
  service                 = "servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
  reserved_peering_ranges = [google_compute_global_address.service_range.name]
}

resource "google_memcache_instance" "instance" {
  name = "test-instance"
  authorized_network = google_service_networking_connection.private_service_connection.network

  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }

  node_config {
    cpu_count      = 1
    memory_size_mb = 1024
  }
  node_count = 1
  memcache_version = "MEMCACHE_1_5"

  maintenance_policy {
    weekly_maintenance_window {
      day      = "SATURDAY"
      duration = "14400s"
      start_time {
        hours = 0
        minutes = 30
        seconds = 0
        nanos = 0
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the instance.

* `node_count` -
  (Required)
  Number of nodes in the memcache instance.

* `node_config` -
  (Required)
  Configuration for memcache nodes.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_node_config).


<a name="nested_node_config"></a>The `node_config` block supports:

* `cpu_count` -
  (Required)
  Number of CPUs per node.

* `memory_size_mb` -
  (Required)
  Memory size in Mebibytes for each memcache node.

- - -


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  A user-visible name for the instance.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `zones` -
  (Optional)
  Zones where memcache nodes should be provisioned.  If not
  provided, all zones will be used.

* `authorized_network` -
  (Optional)
  The full name of the GCE network to connect the instance to.  If not provided,
  'default' will be used.

* `memcache_version` -
  (Optional)
  The major version of Memcached software. If not provided, latest supported version will be used.
  Currently the latest supported major version is MEMCACHE_1_5. The minor version will be automatically
  determined by our system based on the latest supported minor version.
  Default value is `MEMCACHE_1_5`.
  Possible values are: `MEMCACHE_1_5`.

* `memcache_parameters` -
  (Optional)
  User-specified parameters for this memcache instance.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_memcache_parameters).

* `maintenance_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Maintenance policy for an instance.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_maintenance_policy).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the Memcache instance. If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_memcache_parameters"></a>The `memcache_parameters` block supports:

* `id` -
  (Output)
  This is a unique ID associated with this set of parameters.

* `params` -
  (Optional)
  User-defined set of parameters to use in the memcache process.

<a name="nested_maintenance_policy"></a>The `maintenance_policy` block supports:

* `create_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The time when the policy was created.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits

* `update_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The time when the policy was updated.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Description of what this policy is for.
  Create/Update methods return INVALID_ARGUMENT if the
  length is greater than 512.

* `weekly_maintenance_window` -
  (Required)
  Required. Maintenance window that is applied to resources covered by this policy.
  Minimum 1. For the current version, the maximum number of weekly_maintenance_windows
  is expected to be one.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_weekly_maintenance_window).


<a name="nested_weekly_maintenance_window"></a>The `weekly_maintenance_window` block supports:

* `day` -
  (Required)
  Required. The day of week that maintenance updates occur.
  - DAY_OF_WEEK_UNSPECIFIED: The day of the week is unspecified.
  - MONDAY: Monday
  - TUESDAY: Tuesday
  - WEDNESDAY: Wednesday
  - THURSDAY: Thursday
  - FRIDAY: Friday
  - SATURDAY: Saturday
  - SUNDAY: Sunday
  Possible values are: `DAY_OF_WEEK_UNSPECIFIED`, `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`.

* `duration` -
  (Required)
  Required. The length of the maintenance window, ranging from 3 hours to 8 hours.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits,
  terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `start_time` -
  (Required)
  Required. Start time of the window in UTC time.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_start_time).


<a name="nested_start_time"></a>The `start_time` block supports:

* `hours` -
  (Optional)
  Hours of day in 24 hour format. Should be from 0 to 23.
  An API may choose to allow the value "24:00:00" for scenarios like business closing time.

* `minutes` -
  (Optional)
  Minutes of hour of day. Must be from 0 to 59.

* `seconds` -
  (Optional)
  Seconds of minutes of the time. Must normally be from 0 to 59.
  An API may allow the value 60 if it allows leap-seconds.

* `nanos` -
  (Optional)
  Fractions of seconds in nanoseconds. Must be from 0 to 999,999,999.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/instances/{{name}}`

* `memcache_nodes` -
  Additional information about the instance state, if available.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_memcache_nodes).

* `create_time` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `discovery_endpoint` -
  Endpoint for Discovery API

* `memcache_full_version` -
  The full version of memcached server running on this instance.

* `maintenance_schedule` -
  Output only. Published maintenance schedule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_maintenance_schedule).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_memcache_nodes"></a>The `memcache_nodes` block contains:

* `node_id` -
  (Output)
  Identifier of the Memcached node. The node id does not include project or location like the Memcached instance name.

* `zone` -
  (Output)
  Location (GCP Zone) for the Memcached node.

* `port` -
  (Output)
  The port number of the Memcached server on this node.

* `host` -
  (Output)
  Hostname or IP address of the Memcached node used by the clients to connect to the Memcached server on this node.

* `state` -
  (Output)
  Current state of the Memcached node.

<a name="nested_maintenance_schedule"></a>The `maintenance_schedule` block contains:

* `start_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The start time of any upcoming scheduled maintenance for this instance.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `end_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The end time of any upcoming scheduled maintenance for this instance.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `schedule_deadline_time` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The deadline that the maintenance schedule start time
  can not go beyond, including reschedule.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond
  resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Instance can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/instances/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_memcache_instance.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
