website/docs/r/netapp_volume.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Google Cloud NetApp Volumes"
description: |-
  A volume is a file system container in a storage pool that stores application, database, and user data.
---

# google_netapp_volume

A volume is a file system container in a storage pool that stores application, database, and user data.

You can create a volume's capacity using the available capacity in the storage pool and you can define and resize the capacity without disruption to any processes.

Storage pool settings apply to the volumes contained within them automatically.


To get more information about Volume, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.volumes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/configure-and-use/volumes/overview)
    * [Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/get-started/quickstarts/create-volume)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=netapp_volume_basic&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Netapp Volume Basic


```hcl
resource "google_netapp_storage_pool" "default" {
  name = "test-pool"
  location = "us-west2"
  service_level = "PREMIUM"
  capacity_gib = "2048"
  network = data.google_compute_network.default.id
}

resource "google_netapp_volume" "test_volume" {
  location = "us-west2"
  name = "test-volume"
  capacity_gib = "100"
  share_name = "test-volume"
  storage_pool = google_netapp_storage_pool.default.name
  protocols = ["NFSV3"]
  deletion_policy = "DEFAULT"
}

data "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "test-network"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `share_name` -
  (Required)
  Share name (SMB) or export path (NFS) of the volume. Needs to be unique per location.

* `storage_pool` -
  (Required)
  Name of the storage pool to create the volume in. Pool needs enough spare capacity to accomodate the volume.

* `capacity_gib` -
  (Required)
  Capacity of the volume (in GiB).

* `protocols` -
  (Required)
  The protocol of the volume. Allowed combinations are `['NFSV3']`, `['NFSV4']`, `['SMB']`, `['NFSV3', 'NFSV4']`, `['SMB', 'NFSV3']` and `['SMB', 'NFSV4']`.
  Each value may be one of: `NFSV3`, `NFSV4`, `SMB`.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Name of the pool location. Usually a region name, expect for some STANDARD service level pools which require a zone name.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the volume. Needs to be unique per location.


- - -


* `export_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Export policy of the volume for NFSV3 and/or NFSV4.1 access.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_export_policy).

* `smb_settings` -
  (Optional)
  Settings for volumes with SMB access.
  Each value may be one of: `ENCRYPT_DATA`, `BROWSABLE`, `CHANGE_NOTIFY`, `NON_BROWSABLE`, `OPLOCKS`, `SHOW_SNAPSHOT`, `SHOW_PREVIOUS_VERSIONS`, `ACCESS_BASED_ENUMERATION`, `CONTINUOUSLY_AVAILABLE`.

* `unix_permissions` -
  (Optional)
  Unix permission the mount point will be created with. Default is 0770. Applicable for UNIX security style volumes only.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels as key value pairs. Example: `{ "owner": "Bob", "department": "finance", "purpose": "testing" }`.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `snapshot_directory` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled, a NFS volume will contain a read-only .snapshot directory which provides access to each of the volume's snapshots. Will enable "Previous Versions" support for SMB.

* `security_style` -
  (Optional)
  Security Style of the Volume. Use UNIX to use UNIX or NFSV4 ACLs for file permissions.
  Use NTFS to use NTFS ACLs for file permissions. Can only be set for volumes which use SMB together with NFS as protocol.
  Possible values are: `NTFS`, `UNIX`.

* `kerberos_enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Flag indicating if the volume is a kerberos volume or not, export policy rules control kerberos security modes (krb5, krb5i, krb5p).

* `restore_parameters` -
  (Optional)
  Used to create this volume from a snapshot (= cloning) or an backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_restore_parameters).

* `restricted_actions` -
  (Optional)
  List of actions that are restricted on this volume.
  Each value may be one of: `DELETE`.

* `snapshot_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Snapshot policy defines the schedule for automatic snapshot creation.
  To disable automatic snapshot creation you have to remove the whole snapshot_policy block.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_snapshot_policy).

* `backup_config` -
  (Optional)
  Backup configuration for the volume.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_backup_config).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Policy to determine if the volume should be deleted forcefully.
Volumes may have nested snapshot resources. Deleting such a volume will fail.
Setting this parameter to FORCE will delete volumes including nested snapshots.


<a name="nested_export_policy"></a>The `export_policy` block supports:

* `rules` -
  (Required)
  Export rules (up to 5) control NFS volume access.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_rules).


<a name="nested_rules"></a>The `rules` block supports:

* `allowed_clients` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the client ingress specification (allowed clients) as a comma seperated list with IPv4 CIDRs or IPv4 host addresses.

* `has_root_access` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled, the root user (UID = 0) of the specified clients doesn't get mapped to nobody (UID = 65534). This is also known as no_root_squash.

* `access_type` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the access type for clients matching the `allowedClients` specification.
  Possible values are: `READ_ONLY`, `READ_WRITE`, `READ_NONE`.

* `nfsv3` -
  (Optional)
  Enable to apply the export rule to NFSV3 clients.

* `nfsv4` -
  (Optional)
  Enable to apply the export rule to NFSV4.1 clients.

* `kerberos5_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines a read only access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'authentication' kerberos security mode.

* `kerberos5_read_write` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines read and write access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'authentication' kerberos security mode. The 'kerberos5ReadOnly' value is ignored if this is enabled.

* `kerberos5i_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines a read only access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'integrity' kerberos security mode.

* `kerberos5i_read_write` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines read and write access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'integrity' kerberos security mode. The 'kerberos5iReadOnly' value is ignored if this is enabled.

* `kerberos5p_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines a read only access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'privacy' kerberos security mode.

* `kerberos5p_read_write` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines read and write access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'privacy' kerberos security mode. The 'kerberos5pReadOnly' value is ignored if this is enabled.

<a name="nested_restore_parameters"></a>The `restore_parameters` block supports:

* `source_snapshot` -
  (Optional)
  Full name of the snapshot to use for creating this volume.
  `source_snapshot` and `source_backup` cannot be used simultaneously.
  Format: `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{volume}}/snapshots/{{snapshot}}`.

* `source_backup` -
  (Optional)
  Full name of the snapshot to use for creating this volume.
  `source_snapshot` and `source_backup` cannot be used simultaneously.
  Format: `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{backupVaultId}}/backups/{{backup}}`.

<a name="nested_snapshot_policy"></a>The `snapshot_policy` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Enables automated snapshot creation according to defined schedule. Default is false.
  To disable automatic snapshot creation you have to remove the whole snapshot_policy block.

* `hourly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Hourly schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_hourly_schedule).

* `daily_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Daily schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_daily_schedule).

* `weekly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Weekly schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_weekly_schedule).

* `monthly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Monthly schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_monthly_schedule).


<a name="nested_hourly_schedule"></a>The `hourly_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the hourly schedule.

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

<a name="nested_daily_schedule"></a>The `daily_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the daily schedule.

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

* `hour` -
  (Optional)
  Set the hour to create the snapshot (0-23), defaults to midnight (0).

<a name="nested_weekly_schedule"></a>The `weekly_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the weekly schedule.

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

* `hour` -
  (Optional)
  Set the hour to create the snapshot (0-23), defaults to midnight (0).

* `day` -
  (Optional)
  Set the day or days of the week to make a snapshot. Accepts a comma separated days of the week. Defaults to 'Sunday'.

<a name="nested_monthly_schedule"></a>The `monthly_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the monthly schedule

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

* `hour` -
  (Optional)
  Set the hour to create the snapshot (0-23), defaults to midnight (0).

* `days_of_month` -
  (Optional)
  Set the day or days of the month to make a snapshot (1-31). Accepts a comma separated number of days. Defaults to '1'.

<a name="nested_backup_config"></a>The `backup_config` block supports:

* `backup_policies` -
  (Optional)
  Specify a single backup policy ID for scheduled backups. Format: `projects/{{projectId}}/locations/{{location}}/backupPolicies/{{backupPolicyName}}`

* `backup_vault` -
  (Optional)
  ID of the backup vault to use. A backup vault is reqired to create manual or scheduled backups.
  Format: `projects/{{projectId}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{backupVaultName}}`

* `scheduled_backup_enabled` -
  (Optional)
  When set to true, scheduled backup is enabled on the volume. Omit if no backup_policy is specified.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}`

* `state` -
  State of the volume.

* `state_details` -
  State details of the volume.

* `create_time` -
  Create time of the volume. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format. Examples: "2023-06-22T09:13:01.617Z".

* `psa_range` -
  Name of the Private Service Access allocated range. Inherited from storage pool.

* `network` -
  VPC network name with format: `projects/{{project}}/global/networks/{{network}}`. Inherited from storage pool.

* `service_level` -
  Service level of the volume. Inherited from storage pool. Supported values are : PREMIUM, EXTERME, STANDARD, FLEX.

* `used_gib` -
  Used capacity of the volume (in GiB). This is computed periodically and it does not represent the realtime usage.

* `ldap_enabled` -
  Flag indicating if the volume is NFS LDAP enabled or not. Inherited from storage pool.

* `active_directory` -
  Reports the resource name of the Active Directory policy being used. Inherited from storage pool.

* `kms_config` -
  Reports the CMEK policy resurce name being used for volume encryption. Inherited from storage pool.

* `encryption_type` -
  Reports the data-at-rest encryption type of the volume. Inherited from storage pool.

* `has_replication` -
  Indicates whether the volume is part of a volume replication relationship.

* `mount_options` -
  Reports mount instructions for this volume.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_mount_options).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_mount_options"></a>The `mount_options` block contains:

* `export` -
  (Output)
  Export path of the volume.

* `export_full` -
  (Output)
  Full export path of the volume.
  Format for NFS volumes: `<export_ip>:/<shareName>`
  Format for SMB volumes: `\\\\netbios_prefix-four_random_hex_letters.domain_name\\shareName`

* `instructions` -
  (Output)
  Human-readable mount instructions.

* `protocol` -
  (Output)
  Protocol to mount with.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Volume can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Volume using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}"
  to = google_netapp_volume.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Volume can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_netapp_volume.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_netapp_volume.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_netapp_volume.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Adding support for regional flex zones in netapp volume beta provider (#10946)
[upstream:f7976e71cbb8f4478138d4466373b7b695165fed]

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/netapp_volume.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Google Cloud NetApp Volumes"
description: |-
  A volume is a file system container in a storage pool that stores application, database, and user data.
---

# google_netapp_volume

A volume is a file system container in a storage pool that stores application, database, and user data.

You can create a volume's capacity using the available capacity in the storage pool and you can define and resize the capacity without disruption to any processes.

Storage pool settings apply to the volumes contained within them automatically.


To get more information about Volume, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.volumes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/configure-and-use/volumes/overview)
    * [Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/get-started/quickstarts/create-volume)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md&cloudshell_working_dir=netapp_volume_basic&open_in_editor=main.tf" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Netapp Volume Basic


```hcl
resource "google_netapp_storage_pool" "default" {
  name = "test-pool"
  location = "us-west2"
  service_level = "PREMIUM"
  capacity_gib = "2048"
  network = data.google_compute_network.default.id
}

resource "google_netapp_volume" "test_volume" {
  location = "us-west2"
  name = "test-volume"
  capacity_gib = "100"
  share_name = "test-volume"
  storage_pool = google_netapp_storage_pool.default.name
  protocols = ["NFSV3"]
  deletion_policy = "DEFAULT"
}

data "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "test-network"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `share_name` -
  (Required)
  Share name (SMB) or export path (NFS) of the volume. Needs to be unique per location.

* `storage_pool` -
  (Required)
  Name of the storage pool to create the volume in. Pool needs enough spare capacity to accomodate the volume.

* `capacity_gib` -
  (Required)
  Capacity of the volume (in GiB).

* `protocols` -
  (Required)
  The protocol of the volume. Allowed combinations are `['NFSV3']`, `['NFSV4']`, `['SMB']`, `['NFSV3', 'NFSV4']`, `['SMB', 'NFSV3']` and `['SMB', 'NFSV4']`.
  Each value may be one of: `NFSV3`, `NFSV4`, `SMB`.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Name of the pool location. Usually a region name, expect for some STANDARD service level pools which require a zone name.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the volume. Needs to be unique per location.


- - -


* `export_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Export policy of the volume for NFSV3 and/or NFSV4.1 access.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_export_policy).

* `smb_settings` -
  (Optional)
  Settings for volumes with SMB access.
  Each value may be one of: `ENCRYPT_DATA`, `BROWSABLE`, `CHANGE_NOTIFY`, `NON_BROWSABLE`, `OPLOCKS`, `SHOW_SNAPSHOT`, `SHOW_PREVIOUS_VERSIONS`, `ACCESS_BASED_ENUMERATION`, `CONTINUOUSLY_AVAILABLE`.

* `unix_permissions` -
  (Optional)
  Unix permission the mount point will be created with. Default is 0770. Applicable for UNIX security style volumes only.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels as key value pairs. Example: `{ "owner": "Bob", "department": "finance", "purpose": "testing" }`.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `snapshot_directory` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled, a NFS volume will contain a read-only .snapshot directory which provides access to each of the volume's snapshots. Will enable "Previous Versions" support for SMB.

* `security_style` -
  (Optional)
  Security Style of the Volume. Use UNIX to use UNIX or NFSV4 ACLs for file permissions.
  Use NTFS to use NTFS ACLs for file permissions. Can only be set for volumes which use SMB together with NFS as protocol.
  Possible values are: `NTFS`, `UNIX`.

* `kerberos_enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Flag indicating if the volume is a kerberos volume or not, export policy rules control kerberos security modes (krb5, krb5i, krb5p).

* `restore_parameters` -
  (Optional)
  Used to create this volume from a snapshot (= cloning) or an backup.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_restore_parameters).

* `restricted_actions` -
  (Optional)
  List of actions that are restricted on this volume.
  Each value may be one of: `DELETE`.

* `snapshot_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Snapshot policy defines the schedule for automatic snapshot creation.
  To disable automatic snapshot creation you have to remove the whole snapshot_policy block.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_snapshot_policy).

* `backup_config` -
  (Optional)
  Backup configuration for the volume.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_backup_config).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Policy to determine if the volume should be deleted forcefully.
Volumes may have nested snapshot resources. Deleting such a volume will fail.
Setting this parameter to FORCE will delete volumes including nested snapshots.


<a name="nested_export_policy"></a>The `export_policy` block supports:

* `rules` -
  (Required)
  Export rules (up to 5) control NFS volume access.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_rules).


<a name="nested_rules"></a>The `rules` block supports:

* `allowed_clients` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the client ingress specification (allowed clients) as a comma seperated list with IPv4 CIDRs or IPv4 host addresses.

* `has_root_access` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled, the root user (UID = 0) of the specified clients doesn't get mapped to nobody (UID = 65534). This is also known as no_root_squash.

* `access_type` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the access type for clients matching the `allowedClients` specification.
  Possible values are: `READ_ONLY`, `READ_WRITE`, `READ_NONE`.

* `nfsv3` -
  (Optional)
  Enable to apply the export rule to NFSV3 clients.

* `nfsv4` -
  (Optional)
  Enable to apply the export rule to NFSV4.1 clients.

* `kerberos5_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines a read only access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'authentication' kerberos security mode.

* `kerberos5_read_write` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines read and write access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'authentication' kerberos security mode. The 'kerberos5ReadOnly' value is ignored if this is enabled.

* `kerberos5i_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines a read only access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'integrity' kerberos security mode.

* `kerberos5i_read_write` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines read and write access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'integrity' kerberos security mode. The 'kerberos5iReadOnly' value is ignored if this is enabled.

* `kerberos5p_read_only` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines a read only access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'privacy' kerberos security mode.

* `kerberos5p_read_write` -
  (Optional)
  If enabled (true) the rule defines read and write access for clients matching the 'allowedClients' specification. It enables nfs clients to mount using 'privacy' kerberos security mode. The 'kerberos5pReadOnly' value is ignored if this is enabled.

<a name="nested_restore_parameters"></a>The `restore_parameters` block supports:

* `source_snapshot` -
  (Optional)
  Full name of the snapshot to use for creating this volume.
  `source_snapshot` and `source_backup` cannot be used simultaneously.
  Format: `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{volume}}/snapshots/{{snapshot}}`.

* `source_backup` -
  (Optional)
  Full name of the snapshot to use for creating this volume.
  `source_snapshot` and `source_backup` cannot be used simultaneously.
  Format: `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{backupVaultId}}/backups/{{backup}}`.

<a name="nested_snapshot_policy"></a>The `snapshot_policy` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Enables automated snapshot creation according to defined schedule. Default is false.
  To disable automatic snapshot creation you have to remove the whole snapshot_policy block.

* `hourly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Hourly schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_hourly_schedule).

* `daily_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Daily schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_daily_schedule).

* `weekly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Weekly schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_weekly_schedule).

* `monthly_schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Monthly schedule policy.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_monthly_schedule).


<a name="nested_hourly_schedule"></a>The `hourly_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the hourly schedule.

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

<a name="nested_daily_schedule"></a>The `daily_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the daily schedule.

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

* `hour` -
  (Optional)
  Set the hour to create the snapshot (0-23), defaults to midnight (0).

<a name="nested_weekly_schedule"></a>The `weekly_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the weekly schedule.

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

* `hour` -
  (Optional)
  Set the hour to create the snapshot (0-23), defaults to midnight (0).

* `day` -
  (Optional)
  Set the day or days of the week to make a snapshot. Accepts a comma separated days of the week. Defaults to 'Sunday'.

<a name="nested_monthly_schedule"></a>The `monthly_schedule` block supports:

* `snapshots_to_keep` -
  (Required)
  The maximum number of snapshots to keep for the monthly schedule

* `minute` -
  (Optional)
  Set the minute of the hour to create the snapshot (0-59), defaults to the top of the hour (0).

* `hour` -
  (Optional)
  Set the hour to create the snapshot (0-23), defaults to midnight (0).

* `days_of_month` -
  (Optional)
  Set the day or days of the month to make a snapshot (1-31). Accepts a comma separated number of days. Defaults to '1'.

<a name="nested_backup_config"></a>The `backup_config` block supports:

* `backup_policies` -
  (Optional)
  Specify a single backup policy ID for scheduled backups. Format: `projects/{{projectId}}/locations/{{location}}/backupPolicies/{{backupPolicyName}}`

* `backup_vault` -
  (Optional)
  ID of the backup vault to use. A backup vault is reqired to create manual or scheduled backups.
  Format: `projects/{{projectId}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{backupVaultName}}`

* `scheduled_backup_enabled` -
  (Optional)
  When set to true, scheduled backup is enabled on the volume. Omit if no backup_policy is specified.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}`

* `state` -
  State of the volume.

* `state_details` -
  State details of the volume.

* `create_time` -
  Create time of the volume. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format. Examples: "2023-06-22T09:13:01.617Z".

* `psa_range` -
  Name of the Private Service Access allocated range. Inherited from storage pool.

* `network` -
  VPC network name with format: `projects/{{project}}/global/networks/{{network}}`. Inherited from storage pool.

* `service_level` -
  Service level of the volume. Inherited from storage pool. Supported values are : PREMIUM, EXTERME, STANDARD, FLEX.

* `used_gib` -
  Used capacity of the volume (in GiB). This is computed periodically and it does not represent the realtime usage.

* `ldap_enabled` -
  Flag indicating if the volume is NFS LDAP enabled or not. Inherited from storage pool.

* `active_directory` -
  Reports the resource name of the Active Directory policy being used. Inherited from storage pool.

* `kms_config` -
  Reports the CMEK policy resurce name being used for volume encryption. Inherited from storage pool.

* `encryption_type` -
  Reports the data-at-rest encryption type of the volume. Inherited from storage pool.

* `has_replication` -
  Indicates whether the volume is part of a volume replication relationship.

* `mount_options` -
  Reports mount instructions for this volume.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_mount_options).

* `zone` -
  ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Specifies the active zone for regional volume.

* `replica_zone` -
  ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Specifies the replica zone for regional volume.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_mount_options"></a>The `mount_options` block contains:

* `export` -
  (Output)
  Export path of the volume.

* `export_full` -
  (Output)
  Full export path of the volume.
  Format for NFS volumes: `<export_ip>:/<shareName>`
  Format for SMB volumes: `\\\\netbios_prefix-four_random_hex_letters.domain_name\\shareName`

* `instructions` -
  (Output)
  Human-readable mount instructions.

* `protocol` -
  (Output)
  Protocol to mount with.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Volume can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Volume using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}"
  to = google_netapp_volume.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Volume can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_netapp_volume.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/volumes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_netapp_volume.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_netapp_volume.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
