website/docs/r/network_security_address_group.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network security"
description: |-
  AddressGroup is a resource that specifies how a collection of IP/DNS used in Firewall Policy.
---

# google\_network\_security\_address\_group

AddressGroup is a resource that specifies how a collection of IP/DNS used in Firewall Policy.


To get more information about AddressGroup, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/traffic-director/docs/reference/network-security/rest/v1beta1/organizations.locations.addressGroups)
* How-to Guides
    * [Use AddressGroups](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/use-address-groups-firewall-policies)

## Example Usage - Network Security Address Groups Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_address_group" "default" {
  name        = "my-address-groups"
  parent      = "projects/my-project-name"
  location    = "us-central1"
  type        = "IPV4"
  capacity    = "100"
  items       = ["208.80.154.224/32"]
}
```
## Example Usage - Network Security Address Groups Organization Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_address_group" "default" {
  name        = "my-address-groups"
  parent      = "organizations/123456789"
  location    = "us-central1"
  type        = "IPV4"
  capacity    = "100"
  items       = ["208.80.154.224/32"]
}
```
## Example Usage - Network Security Address Groups Advanced


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_address_group" "default" {
  name        = "my-address-groups"
  parent      = "projects/my-project-name"
  location    = "us-central1"
  description = "my description"
  type        = "IPV4"
  capacity    = "100"
  items       = ["208.80.154.224/32"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of the Address Group. Possible values are "IPV4" or "IPV6".
  Possible values are: `IPV4`, `IPV6`.

* `capacity` -
  (Required)
  Capacity of the Address Group.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the AddressGroup resource.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location of the gateway security policy.
  The default value is `global`.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Free-text description of the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Set of label tags associated with the AddressGroup resource.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `items` -
  (Optional)
  List of items.

* `parent` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the parent this address group belongs to. Format: organizations/{organization_id} or projects/{project_id}.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/addressGroups/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp when the resource was created.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z"

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp when the resource was updated.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


AddressGroup can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_network_security_address_group.default {{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/addressGroups/{{name}}
```

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051) (#6375)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/network_security_address_group.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network security"
description: |-
  AddressGroup is a resource that specifies how a collection of IP/DNS used in Firewall Policy.
---

# google\_network\_security\_address\_group

AddressGroup is a resource that specifies how a collection of IP/DNS used in Firewall Policy.


To get more information about AddressGroup, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/traffic-director/docs/reference/network-security/rest/v1beta1/organizations.locations.addressGroups)
* How-to Guides
    * [Use AddressGroups](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/use-address-groups-firewall-policies)

## Example Usage - Network Security Address Groups Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_address_group" "default" {
  name        = "my-address-groups"
  parent      = "projects/my-project-name"
  location    = "us-central1"
  type        = "IPV4"
  capacity    = "100"
  items       = ["208.80.154.224/32"]
}
```
## Example Usage - Network Security Address Groups Organization Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_address_group" "default" {
  name        = "my-address-groups"
  parent      = "organizations/123456789"
  location    = "us-central1"
  type        = "IPV4"
  capacity    = "100"
  items       = ["208.80.154.224/32"]
}
```
## Example Usage - Network Security Address Groups Advanced


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_address_group" "default" {
  name        = "my-address-groups"
  parent      = "projects/my-project-name"
  location    = "us-central1"
  description = "my description"
  type        = "IPV4"
  capacity    = "100"
  items       = ["208.80.154.224/32"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of the Address Group. Possible values are "IPV4" or "IPV6".
  Possible values are: `IPV4`, `IPV6`.

* `capacity` -
  (Required)
  Capacity of the Address Group.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the AddressGroup resource.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location of the gateway security policy.
  The default value is `global`.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Free-text description of the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Set of label tags associated with the AddressGroup resource.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `items` -
  (Optional)
  List of items.

* `parent` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the parent this address group belongs to. Format: organizations/{organization_id} or projects/{project_id}.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/addressGroups/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp when the resource was created.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z"

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp when the resource was updated.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


AddressGroup can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_network_security_address_group.default {{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/addressGroups/{{name}}
```
