website/docs/r/pubsub_subscription.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Pub/Sub"
description: |-
  A named resource representing the stream of messages from a single,
  specific topic, to be delivered to the subscribing application.
---

# google\_pubsub\_subscription

A named resource representing the stream of messages from a single,
specific topic, to be delivered to the subscribing application.


To get more information about Subscription, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.subscriptions)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managing Subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#managing_subscriptions)

~> **Note:** You can retrieve the email of the Google Managed Pub/Sub Service Account used for forwarding
by using the `google_project_service_identity` resource.

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_push&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Push


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  ack_deadline_seconds = 20

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }

  push_config {
    push_endpoint = "https://example.com/push"

    attributes = {
      x-goog-version = "v1"
    }
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_pull&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Pull


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }

  # 20 minutes
  message_retention_duration = "1200s"
  retain_acked_messages      = true

  ack_deadline_seconds = 20

  expiration_policy {
    ttl = "300000.5s"
  }
  retry_policy {
    minimum_backoff = "10s"
  }

  enable_message_ordering    = false
}
```
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Different Project


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  project = "topic-project"
  name    = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  project = "subscription-project"
  name    = "example-subscription"
  topic   = google_pubsub_topic.example.name
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_dead_letter&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Dead Letter


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example_dead_letter" {
  name = "example-topic-dead-letter"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  dead_letter_policy {
    dead_letter_topic = google_pubsub_topic.example_dead_letter.id
    max_delivery_attempts = 10
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_push_bq&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Push Bq


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  bigquery_config {
    table = "${google_bigquery_table.test.project}.${google_bigquery_table.test.dataset_id}.${google_bigquery_table.test.table_id}"
  }

  depends_on = [google_project_iam_member.viewer, google_project_iam_member.editor]
}

data "google_project" "project" {
}

resource "google_project_iam_member" "viewer" {
  project = data.google_project.project.project_id
  role   = "roles/bigquery.metadataViewer"
  member = "serviceAccount:service-${data.google_project.project.number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}

resource "google_project_iam_member" "editor" {
  project = data.google_project.project.project_id
  role   = "roles/bigquery.dataEditor"
  member = "serviceAccount:service-${data.google_project.project.number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}

resource "google_bigquery_dataset" "test" {
  dataset_id = "example_dataset"
}

resource "google_bigquery_table" "test" {
  deletion_protection = false
  table_id   = "example_table"
  dataset_id = google_bigquery_dataset.test.dataset_id

  schema = <<EOF
[
  {
    "name": "data",
    "type": "STRING",
    "mode": "NULLABLE",
    "description": "The data"
  }
]
EOF
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the subscription.

* `topic` -
  (Required)
  A reference to a Topic resource.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Subscription.

* `bigquery_config` -
  (Optional)
  If delivery to BigQuery is used with this subscription, this field is used to configure it.
  Either pushConfig or bigQueryConfig can be set, but not both.
  If both are empty, then the subscriber will pull and ack messages using API methods.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_bigquery_config).

* `push_config` -
  (Optional)
  If push delivery is used with this subscription, this field is used to
  configure it. An empty pushConfig signifies that the subscriber will
  pull and ack messages using API methods.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_push_config).

* `ack_deadline_seconds` -
  (Optional)
  This value is the maximum time after a subscriber receives a message
  before the subscriber should acknowledge the message. After message
  delivery but before the ack deadline expires and before the message is
  acknowledged, it is an outstanding message and will not be delivered
  again during that time (on a best-effort basis).
  For pull subscriptions, this value is used as the initial value for
  the ack deadline. To override this value for a given message, call
  subscriptions.modifyAckDeadline with the corresponding ackId if using
  pull. The minimum custom deadline you can specify is 10 seconds. The
  maximum custom deadline you can specify is 600 seconds (10 minutes).
  If this parameter is 0, a default value of 10 seconds is used.
  For push delivery, this value is also used to set the request timeout
  for the call to the push endpoint.
  If the subscriber never acknowledges the message, the Pub/Sub system
  will eventually redeliver the message.

* `message_retention_duration` -
  (Optional)
  How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's
  backlog, from the moment a message is published. If
  retain_acked_messages is true, then this also configures the retention
  of acknowledged messages, and thus configures how far back in time a
  subscriptions.seek can be done. Defaults to 7 days. Cannot be more
  than 7 days (`"604800s"`) or less than 10 minutes (`"600s"`).
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated
  by 's'. Example: `"600.5s"`.

* `retain_acked_messages` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates whether to retain acknowledged messages. If `true`, then
  messages are not expunged from the subscription's backlog, even if
  they are acknowledged, until they fall out of the
  messageRetentionDuration window.

* `expiration_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A policy that specifies the conditions for this subscription's expiration.
  A subscription is considered active as long as any connected subscriber
  is successfully consuming messages from the subscription or is issuing
  operations on the subscription. If expirationPolicy is not set, a default
  policy with ttl of 31 days will be used.  If it is set but ttl is "", the
  resource never expires.  The minimum allowed value for expirationPolicy.ttl
  is 1 day.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_expiration_policy).

* `filter` -
  (Optional)
  The subscription only delivers the messages that match the filter.
  Pub/Sub automatically acknowledges the messages that don't match the filter. You can filter messages
  by their attributes. The maximum length of a filter is 256 bytes. After creating the subscription,
  you can't modify the filter.

* `dead_letter_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A policy that specifies the conditions for dead lettering messages in
  this subscription. If dead_letter_policy is not set, dead lettering
  is disabled.
  The Cloud Pub/Sub service account associated with this subscription's
  parent project (i.e.,
  service-{project_number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have
  permission to Acknowledge() messages on this subscription.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_dead_letter_policy).

* `retry_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A policy that specifies how Pub/Sub retries message delivery for this subscription.
  If not set, the default retry policy is applied. This generally implies that messages will be retried as soon as possible for healthy subscribers.
  RetryPolicy will be triggered on NACKs or acknowledgement deadline exceeded events for a given message
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_retry_policy).

* `enable_message_ordering` -
  (Optional)
  If `true`, messages published with the same orderingKey in PubsubMessage will be delivered to
  the subscribers in the order in which they are received by the Pub/Sub system. Otherwise, they
  may be delivered in any order.

* `enable_exactly_once_delivery` -
  (Optional)
  If `true`, Pub/Sub provides the following guarantees for the delivery
  of a message with a given value of messageId on this Subscriptions':
  - The message sent to a subscriber is guaranteed not to be resent before the message's acknowledgement deadline expires.
  - An acknowledged message will not be resent to a subscriber.
  Note that subscribers may still receive multiple copies of a message when `enable_exactly_once_delivery`
  is true if the message was published multiple times by a publisher client. These copies are considered distinct by Pub/Sub and have distinct messageId values

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_bigquery_config"></a>The `bigquery_config` block supports:

* `table` -
  (Required)
  The name of the table to which to write data, of the form {projectId}:{datasetId}.{tableId}

* `use_topic_schema` -
  (Optional)
  When true, use the topic's schema as the columns to write to in BigQuery, if it exists.

* `write_metadata` -
  (Optional)
  When true, write the subscription name, messageId, publishTime, attributes, and orderingKey to additional columns in the table.
  The subscription name, messageId, and publishTime fields are put in their own columns while all other message properties (other than data) are written to a JSON object in the attributes column.

* `drop_unknown_fields` -
  (Optional)
  When true and useTopicSchema is true, any fields that are a part of the topic schema that are not part of the BigQuery table schema are dropped when writing to BigQuery.
  Otherwise, the schemas must be kept in sync and any messages with extra fields are not written and remain in the subscription's backlog.

<a name="nested_push_config"></a>The `push_config` block supports:

* `oidc_token` -
  (Optional)
  If specified, Pub/Sub will generate and attach an OIDC JWT token as
  an Authorization header in the HTTP request for every pushed message.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_oidc_token).

* `push_endpoint` -
  (Required)
  A URL locating the endpoint to which messages should be pushed.
  For example, a Webhook endpoint might use
  "https://example.com/push".

* `attributes` -
  (Optional)
  Endpoint configuration attributes.
  Every endpoint has a set of API supported attributes that can
  be used to control different aspects of the message delivery.
  The currently supported attribute is x-goog-version, which you
  can use to change the format of the pushed message. This
  attribute indicates the version of the data expected by
  the endpoint. This controls the shape of the pushed message
  (i.e., its fields and metadata). The endpoint version is
  based on the version of the Pub/Sub API.
  If not present during the subscriptions.create call,
  it will default to the version of the API used to make
  such call. If not present during a subscriptions.modifyPushConfig
  call, its value will not be changed. subscriptions.get
  calls will always return a valid version, even if the
  subscription was created without this attribute.
  The possible values for this attribute are:
  - v1beta1: uses the push format defined in the v1beta1 Pub/Sub API.
  - v1 or v1beta2: uses the push format defined in the v1 Pub/Sub API.


<a name="nested_oidc_token"></a>The `oidc_token` block supports:

* `service_account_email` -
  (Required)
  Service account email to be used for generating the OIDC token.
  The caller (for subscriptions.create, subscriptions.patch, and
  subscriptions.modifyPushConfig RPCs) must have the
  iam.serviceAccounts.actAs permission for the service account.

* `audience` -
  (Optional)
  Audience to be used when generating OIDC token. The audience claim
  identifies the recipients that the JWT is intended for. The audience
  value is a single case-sensitive string. Having multiple values (array)
  for the audience field is not supported. More info about the OIDC JWT
  token audience here: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3
  Note: if not specified, the Push endpoint URL will be used.

<a name="nested_expiration_policy"></a>The `expiration_policy` block supports:

* `ttl` -
  (Required)
  Specifies the "time-to-live" duration for an associated resource. The
  resource expires if it is not active for a period of ttl.
  If ttl is set to "", the associated resource never expires.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'.
  Example - "3.5s".

<a name="nested_dead_letter_policy"></a>The `dead_letter_policy` block supports:

* `dead_letter_topic` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the topic to which dead letter messages should be published.
  Format is `projects/{project}/topics/{topic}`.
  The Cloud Pub/Sub service account associated with the enclosing subscription's
  parent project (i.e.,
  service-{project_number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have
  permission to Publish() to this topic.
  The operation will fail if the topic does not exist.
  Users should ensure that there is a subscription attached to this topic
  since messages published to a topic with no subscriptions are lost.

* `max_delivery_attempts` -
  (Optional)
  The maximum number of delivery attempts for any message. The value must be
  between 5 and 100.
  The number of delivery attempts is defined as 1 + (the sum of number of
  NACKs and number of times the acknowledgement deadline has been exceeded for the message).
  A NACK is any call to ModifyAckDeadline with a 0 deadline. Note that
  client libraries may automatically extend ack_deadlines.
  This field will be honored on a best effort basis.
  If this parameter is 0, a default value of 5 is used.

<a name="nested_retry_policy"></a>The `retry_policy` block supports:

* `minimum_backoff` -
  (Optional)
  The minimum delay between consecutive deliveries of a given message. Value should be between 0 and 600 seconds. Defaults to 10 seconds.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `maximum_backoff` -
  (Optional)
  The maximum delay between consecutive deliveries of a given message. Value should be between 0 and 600 seconds. Defaults to 600 seconds.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/subscriptions/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Subscription can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_pubsub_subscription.default projects/{{project}}/subscriptions/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_subscription.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_subscription.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

feat: Add Pub/Sub Subscription support for push payload unwrapping (no wrapper) (#8464) (#5972)
* feat: Add Pub/Sub Subscription support for payload unwrapping (no_wrapper)

* Add no_wrapper test/example

* Update Subscription.yaml

* Update Subscription.yaml

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/pubsub_subscription.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Pub/Sub"
description: |-
  A named resource representing the stream of messages from a single,
  specific topic, to be delivered to the subscribing application.
---

# google\_pubsub\_subscription

A named resource representing the stream of messages from a single,
specific topic, to be delivered to the subscribing application.


To get more information about Subscription, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.subscriptions)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managing Subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#managing_subscriptions)

~> **Note:** You can retrieve the email of the Google Managed Pub/Sub Service Account used for forwarding
by using the `google_project_service_identity` resource.

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_push&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Push


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  ack_deadline_seconds = 20

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }

  push_config {
    push_endpoint = "https://example.com/push"

    attributes = {
      x-goog-version = "v1"
    }
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_pull&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Pull


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }

  # 20 minutes
  message_retention_duration = "1200s"
  retain_acked_messages      = true

  ack_deadline_seconds = 20

  expiration_policy {
    ttl = "300000.5s"
  }
  retry_policy {
    minimum_backoff = "10s"
  }

  enable_message_ordering    = false
}
```
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Different Project


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  project = "topic-project"
  name    = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  project = "subscription-project"
  name    = "example-subscription"
  topic   = google_pubsub_topic.example.name
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_dead_letter&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Dead Letter


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example_dead_letter" {
  name = "example-topic-dead-letter"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  dead_letter_policy {
    dead_letter_topic = google_pubsub_topic.example_dead_letter.id
    max_delivery_attempts = 10
  }
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_subscription_push_bq&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Subscription Push Bq


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "example" {
  name  = "example-subscription"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.example.name

  bigquery_config {
    table = "${google_bigquery_table.test.project}.${google_bigquery_table.test.dataset_id}.${google_bigquery_table.test.table_id}"
  }

  depends_on = [google_project_iam_member.viewer, google_project_iam_member.editor]
}

data "google_project" "project" {
}

resource "google_project_iam_member" "viewer" {
  project = data.google_project.project.project_id
  role   = "roles/bigquery.metadataViewer"
  member = "serviceAccount:service-${data.google_project.project.number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}

resource "google_project_iam_member" "editor" {
  project = data.google_project.project.project_id
  role   = "roles/bigquery.dataEditor"
  member = "serviceAccount:service-${data.google_project.project.number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}

resource "google_bigquery_dataset" "test" {
  dataset_id = "example_dataset"
}

resource "google_bigquery_table" "test" {
  deletion_protection = false
  table_id   = "example_table"
  dataset_id = google_bigquery_dataset.test.dataset_id

  schema = <<EOF
[
  {
    "name": "data",
    "type": "STRING",
    "mode": "NULLABLE",
    "description": "The data"
  }
]
EOF
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the subscription.

* `topic` -
  (Required)
  A reference to a Topic resource.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Subscription.

* `bigquery_config` -
  (Optional)
  If delivery to BigQuery is used with this subscription, this field is used to configure it.
  Either pushConfig or bigQueryConfig can be set, but not both.
  If both are empty, then the subscriber will pull and ack messages using API methods.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_bigquery_config).

* `push_config` -
  (Optional)
  If push delivery is used with this subscription, this field is used to
  configure it. An empty pushConfig signifies that the subscriber will
  pull and ack messages using API methods.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_push_config).

* `ack_deadline_seconds` -
  (Optional)
  This value is the maximum time after a subscriber receives a message
  before the subscriber should acknowledge the message. After message
  delivery but before the ack deadline expires and before the message is
  acknowledged, it is an outstanding message and will not be delivered
  again during that time (on a best-effort basis).
  For pull subscriptions, this value is used as the initial value for
  the ack deadline. To override this value for a given message, call
  subscriptions.modifyAckDeadline with the corresponding ackId if using
  pull. The minimum custom deadline you can specify is 10 seconds. The
  maximum custom deadline you can specify is 600 seconds (10 minutes).
  If this parameter is 0, a default value of 10 seconds is used.
  For push delivery, this value is also used to set the request timeout
  for the call to the push endpoint.
  If the subscriber never acknowledges the message, the Pub/Sub system
  will eventually redeliver the message.

* `message_retention_duration` -
  (Optional)
  How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's
  backlog, from the moment a message is published. If
  retain_acked_messages is true, then this also configures the retention
  of acknowledged messages, and thus configures how far back in time a
  subscriptions.seek can be done. Defaults to 7 days. Cannot be more
  than 7 days (`"604800s"`) or less than 10 minutes (`"600s"`).
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated
  by 's'. Example: `"600.5s"`.

* `retain_acked_messages` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates whether to retain acknowledged messages. If `true`, then
  messages are not expunged from the subscription's backlog, even if
  they are acknowledged, until they fall out of the
  messageRetentionDuration window.

* `expiration_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A policy that specifies the conditions for this subscription's expiration.
  A subscription is considered active as long as any connected subscriber
  is successfully consuming messages from the subscription or is issuing
  operations on the subscription. If expirationPolicy is not set, a default
  policy with ttl of 31 days will be used.  If it is set but ttl is "", the
  resource never expires.  The minimum allowed value for expirationPolicy.ttl
  is 1 day.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_expiration_policy).

* `filter` -
  (Optional)
  The subscription only delivers the messages that match the filter.
  Pub/Sub automatically acknowledges the messages that don't match the filter. You can filter messages
  by their attributes. The maximum length of a filter is 256 bytes. After creating the subscription,
  you can't modify the filter.

* `dead_letter_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A policy that specifies the conditions for dead lettering messages in
  this subscription. If dead_letter_policy is not set, dead lettering
  is disabled.
  The Cloud Pub/Sub service account associated with this subscription's
  parent project (i.e.,
  service-{project_number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have
  permission to Acknowledge() messages on this subscription.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_dead_letter_policy).

* `retry_policy` -
  (Optional)
  A policy that specifies how Pub/Sub retries message delivery for this subscription.
  If not set, the default retry policy is applied. This generally implies that messages will be retried as soon as possible for healthy subscribers.
  RetryPolicy will be triggered on NACKs or acknowledgement deadline exceeded events for a given message
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_retry_policy).

* `enable_message_ordering` -
  (Optional)
  If `true`, messages published with the same orderingKey in PubsubMessage will be delivered to
  the subscribers in the order in which they are received by the Pub/Sub system. Otherwise, they
  may be delivered in any order.

* `enable_exactly_once_delivery` -
  (Optional)
  If `true`, Pub/Sub provides the following guarantees for the delivery
  of a message with a given value of messageId on this Subscriptions':
  - The message sent to a subscriber is guaranteed not to be resent before the message's acknowledgement deadline expires.
  - An acknowledged message will not be resent to a subscriber.
  Note that subscribers may still receive multiple copies of a message when `enable_exactly_once_delivery`
  is true if the message was published multiple times by a publisher client. These copies are considered distinct by Pub/Sub and have distinct messageId values

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_bigquery_config"></a>The `bigquery_config` block supports:

* `table` -
  (Required)
  The name of the table to which to write data, of the form {projectId}:{datasetId}.{tableId}

* `use_topic_schema` -
  (Optional)
  When true, use the topic's schema as the columns to write to in BigQuery, if it exists.

* `write_metadata` -
  (Optional)
  When true, write the subscription name, messageId, publishTime, attributes, and orderingKey to additional columns in the table.
  The subscription name, messageId, and publishTime fields are put in their own columns while all other message properties (other than data) are written to a JSON object in the attributes column.

* `drop_unknown_fields` -
  (Optional)
  When true and useTopicSchema is true, any fields that are a part of the topic schema that are not part of the BigQuery table schema are dropped when writing to BigQuery.
  Otherwise, the schemas must be kept in sync and any messages with extra fields are not written and remain in the subscription's backlog.

<a name="nested_push_config"></a>The `push_config` block supports:

* `oidc_token` -
  (Optional)
  If specified, Pub/Sub will generate and attach an OIDC JWT token as
  an Authorization header in the HTTP request for every pushed message.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_oidc_token).

* `push_endpoint` -
  (Required)
  A URL locating the endpoint to which messages should be pushed.
  For example, a Webhook endpoint might use
  "https://example.com/push".

* `attributes` -
  (Optional)
  Endpoint configuration attributes.
  Every endpoint has a set of API supported attributes that can
  be used to control different aspects of the message delivery.
  The currently supported attribute is x-goog-version, which you
  can use to change the format of the pushed message. This
  attribute indicates the version of the data expected by
  the endpoint. This controls the shape of the pushed message
  (i.e., its fields and metadata). The endpoint version is
  based on the version of the Pub/Sub API.
  If not present during the subscriptions.create call,
  it will default to the version of the API used to make
  such call. If not present during a subscriptions.modifyPushConfig
  call, its value will not be changed. subscriptions.get
  calls will always return a valid version, even if the
  subscription was created without this attribute.
  The possible values for this attribute are:
  - v1beta1: uses the push format defined in the v1beta1 Pub/Sub API.
  - v1 or v1beta2: uses the push format defined in the v1 Pub/Sub API.

* `no_wrapper` -
  (Optional)
  When set, the payload to the push endpoint is not wrapped.Sets the
  `data` field as the HTTP body for delivery.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_no_wrapper).


<a name="nested_oidc_token"></a>The `oidc_token` block supports:

* `service_account_email` -
  (Required)
  Service account email to be used for generating the OIDC token.
  The caller (for subscriptions.create, subscriptions.patch, and
  subscriptions.modifyPushConfig RPCs) must have the
  iam.serviceAccounts.actAs permission for the service account.

* `audience` -
  (Optional)
  Audience to be used when generating OIDC token. The audience claim
  identifies the recipients that the JWT is intended for. The audience
  value is a single case-sensitive string. Having multiple values (array)
  for the audience field is not supported. More info about the OIDC JWT
  token audience here: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3
  Note: if not specified, the Push endpoint URL will be used.

<a name="nested_no_wrapper"></a>The `no_wrapper` block supports:

* `write_metadata` -
  (Required)
  When true, writes the Pub/Sub message metadata to
  `x-goog-pubsub-<KEY>:<VAL>` headers of the HTTP request. Writes the
  Pub/Sub message attributes to `<KEY>:<VAL>` headers of the HTTP request.

<a name="nested_expiration_policy"></a>The `expiration_policy` block supports:

* `ttl` -
  (Required)
  Specifies the "time-to-live" duration for an associated resource. The
  resource expires if it is not active for a period of ttl.
  If ttl is set to "", the associated resource never expires.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'.
  Example - "3.5s".

<a name="nested_dead_letter_policy"></a>The `dead_letter_policy` block supports:

* `dead_letter_topic` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the topic to which dead letter messages should be published.
  Format is `projects/{project}/topics/{topic}`.
  The Cloud Pub/Sub service account associated with the enclosing subscription's
  parent project (i.e.,
  service-{project_number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have
  permission to Publish() to this topic.
  The operation will fail if the topic does not exist.
  Users should ensure that there is a subscription attached to this topic
  since messages published to a topic with no subscriptions are lost.

* `max_delivery_attempts` -
  (Optional)
  The maximum number of delivery attempts for any message. The value must be
  between 5 and 100.
  The number of delivery attempts is defined as 1 + (the sum of number of
  NACKs and number of times the acknowledgement deadline has been exceeded for the message).
  A NACK is any call to ModifyAckDeadline with a 0 deadline. Note that
  client libraries may automatically extend ack_deadlines.
  This field will be honored on a best effort basis.
  If this parameter is 0, a default value of 5 is used.

<a name="nested_retry_policy"></a>The `retry_policy` block supports:

* `minimum_backoff` -
  (Optional)
  The minimum delay between consecutive deliveries of a given message. Value should be between 0 and 600 seconds. Defaults to 10 seconds.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `maximum_backoff` -
  (Optional)
  The maximum delay between consecutive deliveries of a given message. Value should be between 0 and 600 seconds. Defaults to 600 seconds.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/subscriptions/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Subscription can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_pubsub_subscription.default projects/{{project}}/subscriptions/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_subscription.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_subscription.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
