website/docs/r/pubsub_schema.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Pub/Sub"
description: |-
  A schema is a format that messages must follow,
  creating a contract between publisher and subscriber that Pub/Sub will enforce.
---

# google\_pubsub\_schema

A schema is a format that messages must follow,
creating a contract between publisher and subscriber that Pub/Sub will enforce.


To get more information about Schema, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.schemas)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating and managing schemas](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/schemas)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_schema_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Schema Basic


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_schema" "example" {
  name = "example"
  type = "AVRO"
  definition = "{\n  \"type\" : \"record\",\n  \"name\" : \"Avro\",\n  \"fields\" : [\n    {\n      \"name\" : \"StringField\",\n      \"type\" : \"string\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"name\" : \"IntField\",\n      \"type\" : \"int\"\n    }\n  ]\n}\n"
}
```
## Example Usage - Pubsub Schema Protobuf


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_schema" "example" {
  name = "example"
  type = "PROTOCOL_BUFFER"
  definition = "syntax = \"proto3\";\nmessage Results {\nstring message_request = 1;\nstring message_response = 2;\nstring timestamp_request = 3;\nstring timestamp_response = 4;\n}"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"

  depends_on = [google_pubsub_schema.example]
  schema_settings {
    schema = "projects/my-project-name/schemas/example"
    encoding = "JSON"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the schema, which will become the final component of the schema's resource name.


- - -


* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of the schema definition
  Default value is `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`.
  Possible values are: `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `PROTOCOL_BUFFER`, `AVRO`.

* `definition` -
  (Optional)
  The definition of the schema.
  This should contain a string representing the full definition of the schema
  that is a valid schema definition of the type specified in type.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/schemas/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Schema can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_pubsub_schema.default projects/{{project}}/schemas/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_schema.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_schema.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Improve documentation for Pub/Sub Schema updates (#9070)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/pubsub_schema.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Pub/Sub"
description: |-
  A schema is a format that messages must follow,
  creating a contract between publisher and subscriber that Pub/Sub will enforce.
---

# google\_pubsub\_schema

A schema is a format that messages must follow,
creating a contract between publisher and subscriber that Pub/Sub will enforce.


To get more information about Schema, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.schemas)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating and managing schemas](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/schemas)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=pubsub_schema_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Pubsub Schema Basic


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_schema" "example" {
  name = "example"
  type = "AVRO"
  definition = "{\n  \"type\" : \"record\",\n  \"name\" : \"Avro\",\n  \"fields\" : [\n    {\n      \"name\" : \"StringField\",\n      \"type\" : \"string\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"name\" : \"IntField\",\n      \"type\" : \"int\"\n    }\n  ]\n}\n"
}
```
## Example Usage - Pubsub Schema Protobuf


```hcl
resource "google_pubsub_schema" "example" {
  name = "example"
  type = "PROTOCOL_BUFFER"
  definition = "syntax = \"proto3\";\nmessage Results {\nstring message_request = 1;\nstring message_response = 2;\nstring timestamp_request = 3;\nstring timestamp_response = 4;\n}"
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-topic"

  depends_on = [google_pubsub_schema.example]
  schema_settings {
    schema = "projects/my-project-name/schemas/example"
    encoding = "JSON"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the schema, which will become the final component of the schema's resource name.


- - -


* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of the schema definition
  Default value is `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`.
  Possible values are: `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `PROTOCOL_BUFFER`, `AVRO`.

* `definition` -
  (Optional)
  The definition of the schema.
  This should contain a string representing the full definition of the schema
  that is a valid schema definition of the type specified in type. Changes
  to the definition commit new [schema revisions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/commit-schema-revision).
  A schema can only have up to 20 revisions, so updates that fail with an
  error indicating that the limit has been reached require manually
  [deleting old revisions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/delete-schema-revision).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/schemas/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Schema can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_pubsub_schema.default projects/{{project}}/schemas/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_schema.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_pubsub_schema.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
