website/docs/r/secret_manager_secret.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Secret Manager"
description: |-
  A Secret is a logical secret whose value and versions can be accessed.
---

# google\_secret\_manager\_secret

A Secret is a logical secret whose value and versions can be accessed.


To get more information about Secret, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.secrets)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=secret_config_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Secret Config Basic


```hcl
resource "google_secret_manager_secret" "secret-basic" {
  secret_id = "secret"
  
  labels = {
    label = "my-label"
  }

  replication {
    user_managed {
      replicas {
        location = "us-central1"
      }
      replicas {
        location = "us-east1"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `replication` -
  (Required)
  The replication policy of the secret data attached to the Secret. It cannot be changed
  after the Secret has been created.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_replication).

* `secret_id` -
  (Required)
  This must be unique within the project.


<a name="nested_replication"></a>The `replication` block supports:

* `automatic` -
  (Optional)
  The Secret will automatically be replicated without any restrictions.

* `user_managed` -
  (Optional)
  The Secret will automatically be replicated without any restrictions.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_user_managed).


<a name="nested_user_managed"></a>The `user_managed` block supports:

* `replicas` -
  (Required)
  The list of Replicas for this Secret. Cannot be empty.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_replicas).


<a name="nested_replicas"></a>The `replicas` block supports:

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The canonical IDs of the location to replicate data. For example: "us-east1".

* `customer_managed_encryption` -
  (Optional)
  Customer Managed Encryption for the secret.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_customer_managed_encryption).


<a name="nested_customer_managed_encryption"></a>The `customer_managed_encryption` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Required)
  Describes the Cloud KMS encryption key that will be used to protect destination secret.

- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  The labels assigned to this Secret.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes,
  and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values must be between 0 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes,
  and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be assigned to a given resource.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example:
  { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `topics` -
  (Optional)
  A list of up to 10 Pub/Sub topics to which messages are published when control plane operations are called on the secret or its versions.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_topics).

* `expire_time` -
  (Optional)
  Timestamp in UTC when the Secret is scheduled to expire. This is always provided on output, regardless of what was sent on input.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `ttl` -
  (Optional)
  The TTL for the Secret.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `rotation` -
  (Optional)
  The rotation time and period for a Secret. At `next_rotation_time`, Secret Manager will send a Pub/Sub notification to the topics configured on the Secret. `topics` must be set to configure rotation.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_rotation).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_topics"></a>The `topics` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the Pub/Sub topic that will be published to, in the following format: projects/*/topics/*.
  For publication to succeed, the Secret Manager Service Agent service account must have pubsub.publisher permissions on the topic.

<a name="nested_rotation"></a>The `rotation` block supports:

* `next_rotation_time` -
  (Optional)
  Timestamp in UTC at which the Secret is scheduled to rotate.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `rotation_period` -
  (Optional)
  The Duration between rotation notifications. Must be in seconds and at least 3600s (1h) and at most 3153600000s (100 years).
  If rotationPeriod is set, `next_rotation_time` must be set. `next_rotation_time` will be advanced by this period when the service automatically sends rotation notifications.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/secrets/{{secret_id}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of the Secret. Format:
  `projects/{{project}}/secrets/{{secret_id}}`

* `create_time` -
  The time at which the Secret was created.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Secret can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_secret_manager_secret.default projects/{{project}}/secrets/{{secret_id}}
$ terraform import google_secret_manager_secret.default {{project}}/{{secret_id}}
$ terraform import google_secret_manager_secret.default {{secret_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Updated the description for User Managed replication (#8250)
Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/secret_manager_secret.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Secret Manager"
description: |-
  A Secret is a logical secret whose value and versions can be accessed.
---

# google\_secret\_manager\_secret

A Secret is a logical secret whose value and versions can be accessed.


To get more information about Secret, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.secrets)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=secret_config_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Secret Config Basic


```hcl
resource "google_secret_manager_secret" "secret-basic" {
  secret_id = "secret"
  
  labels = {
    label = "my-label"
  }

  replication {
    user_managed {
      replicas {
        location = "us-central1"
      }
      replicas {
        location = "us-east1"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `replication` -
  (Required)
  The replication policy of the secret data attached to the Secret. It cannot be changed
  after the Secret has been created.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_replication).

* `secret_id` -
  (Required)
  This must be unique within the project.


<a name="nested_replication"></a>The `replication` block supports:

* `automatic` -
  (Optional)
  The Secret will automatically be replicated without any restrictions.

* `user_managed` -
  (Optional)
  The Secret will be replicated to the regions specified by the user.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_user_managed).


<a name="nested_user_managed"></a>The `user_managed` block supports:

* `replicas` -
  (Required)
  The list of Replicas for this Secret. Cannot be empty.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_replicas).


<a name="nested_replicas"></a>The `replicas` block supports:

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The canonical IDs of the location to replicate data. For example: "us-east1".

* `customer_managed_encryption` -
  (Optional)
  Customer Managed Encryption for the secret.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_customer_managed_encryption).


<a name="nested_customer_managed_encryption"></a>The `customer_managed_encryption` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Required)
  Describes the Cloud KMS encryption key that will be used to protect destination secret.

- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  The labels assigned to this Secret.
  Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes,
  and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}][\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,62}
  Label values must be between 0 and 63 characters long, have a UTF-8 encoding of maximum 128 bytes,
  and must conform to the following PCRE regular expression: [\p{Ll}\p{Lo}\p{N}_-]{0,63}
  No more than 64 labels can be assigned to a given resource.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example:
  { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

* `topics` -
  (Optional)
  A list of up to 10 Pub/Sub topics to which messages are published when control plane operations are called on the secret or its versions.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_topics).

* `expire_time` -
  (Optional)
  Timestamp in UTC when the Secret is scheduled to expire. This is always provided on output, regardless of what was sent on input.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `ttl` -
  (Optional)
  The TTL for the Secret.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

* `rotation` -
  (Optional)
  The rotation time and period for a Secret. At `next_rotation_time`, Secret Manager will send a Pub/Sub notification to the topics configured on the Secret. `topics` must be set to configure rotation.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_rotation).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_topics"></a>The `topics` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the Pub/Sub topic that will be published to, in the following format: projects/*/topics/*.
  For publication to succeed, the Secret Manager Service Agent service account must have pubsub.publisher permissions on the topic.

<a name="nested_rotation"></a>The `rotation` block supports:

* `next_rotation_time` -
  (Optional)
  Timestamp in UTC at which the Secret is scheduled to rotate.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `rotation_period` -
  (Optional)
  The Duration between rotation notifications. Must be in seconds and at least 3600s (1h) and at most 3153600000s (100 years).
  If rotationPeriod is set, `next_rotation_time` must be set. `next_rotation_time` will be advanced by this period when the service automatically sends rotation notifications.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/secrets/{{secret_id}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of the Secret. Format:
  `projects/{{project}}/secrets/{{secret_id}}`

* `create_time` -
  The time at which the Secret was created.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Secret can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_secret_manager_secret.default projects/{{project}}/secrets/{{secret_id}}
$ terraform import google_secret_manager_secret.default {{project}}/{{secret_id}}
$ terraform import google_secret_manager_secret.default {{secret_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
