website/docs/r/service_directory_namespace.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Service Directory"
description: |-
  A container for `services`.
---

# google\_service\_directory\_namespace

A container for `services`. Namespaces allow administrators to group services
together and define permissions for a collection of services.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Namespace, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/service-directory/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.namespaces)
* How-to Guides
    * [Configuring a namespace](https://cloud.google.com/service-directory/docs/configuring-service-directory#configuring_a_namespace)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=service_directory_namespace_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Service Directory Namespace Basic


```hcl
resource "google_service_directory_namespace" "example" {
  provider     = google-beta
  namespace_id = "example-namespace"
  location     = "us-central1"

  labels = {
    key = "value"
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the Namespace.
  A full list of valid locations can be found by running
  `gcloud beta service-directory locations list`.

* `namespace_id` -
  (Required)
  The Resource ID must be 1-63 characters long, including digits,
  lowercase letters or the hyphen character.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels associated with this Namespace. No more than 64 user
  labels can be associated with a given resource. Label keys and values can
  be no longer than 63 characters.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name for the namespace
  in the format `projects/*/locations/*/namespaces/*`.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Namespace can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_service_directory_namespace.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/namespaces/{{namespace_id}}
$ terraform import google_service_directory_namespace.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{namespace_id}}
$ terraform import google_service_directory_namespace.default {{location}}/{{namespace_id}}
```

Commit message:

Apply new labels model to more resources (part 2) (#8980) (#6307)
* Apply new labels model to more resources (part 2)

* Apply new labels model to more resources (part 3)

* Fix unit test

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/service_directory_namespace.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Service Directory"
description: |-
  A container for `services`.
---

# google\_service\_directory\_namespace

A container for `services`. Namespaces allow administrators to group services
together and define permissions for a collection of services.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Namespace, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/service-directory/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.locations.namespaces)
* How-to Guides
    * [Configuring a namespace](https://cloud.google.com/service-directory/docs/configuring-service-directory#configuring_a_namespace)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=service_directory_namespace_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Service Directory Namespace Basic


```hcl
resource "google_service_directory_namespace" "example" {
  provider     = google-beta
  namespace_id = "example-namespace"
  location     = "us-central1"

  labels = {
    key = "value"
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the Namespace.
  A full list of valid locations can be found by running
  `gcloud beta service-directory locations list`.

* `namespace_id` -
  (Required)
  The Resource ID must be 1-63 characters long, including digits,
  lowercase letters or the hyphen character.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels associated with this Namespace. No more than 64 user
  labels can be associated with a given resource. Label keys and values can
  be no longer than 63 characters.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name for the namespace
  in the format `projects/*/locations/*/namespaces/*`.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Namespace can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_service_directory_namespace.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/namespaces/{{namespace_id}}
$ terraform import google_service_directory_namespace.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{namespace_id}}
$ terraform import google_service_directory_namespace.default {{location}}/{{namespace_id}}
```
