website/docs/r/vertex_ai_dataset.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Vertex AI"
description: |-
  A collection of DataItems and Annotations on them.
---

# google\_vertex\_ai\_dataset

A collection of DataItems and Annotations on them.


To get more information about Dataset, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vertex_ai_dataset&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Dataset


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_dataset" "dataset" {
  display_name          = "terraform"
  metadata_schema_uri   = "gs://google-cloud-aiplatform/schema/dataset/metadata/image_1.0.0.yaml"
  region                = "us-central1"

  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  The user-defined name of the Dataset. The name can be up to 128 characters long and can be consist of any UTF-8 characters.

* `metadata_schema_uri` -
  (Required)
  Points to a YAML file stored on Google Cloud Storage describing additional information about the Dataset. The schema is defined as an OpenAPI 3.0.2 Schema Object. The schema files that can be used here are found in gs://google-cloud-aiplatform/schema/dataset/metadata/.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Workflow.

* `encryption_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Customer-managed encryption key spec for a Dataset. If set, this Dataset and all sub-resources of this Dataset will be secured by this key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_spec).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the dataset. eg us-central1

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_encryption_spec"></a>The `encryption_spec` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  Required. The Cloud KMS resource identifier of the customer managed encryption key used to protect a resource.
  Has the form: projects/my-project/locations/my-region/keyRings/my-kr/cryptoKeys/my-key. The key needs to be in the same region as where the resource is created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of the Dataset. This value is set by Google.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the dataset was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the dataset was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/vertex_ai_dataset.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Vertex AI"
description: |-
  A collection of DataItems and Annotations on them.
---

# google\_vertex\_ai\_dataset

A collection of DataItems and Annotations on them.


To get more information about Dataset, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.datasets)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vertex_ai_dataset&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Dataset


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_dataset" "dataset" {
  display_name          = "terraform"
  metadata_schema_uri   = "gs://google-cloud-aiplatform/schema/dataset/metadata/image_1.0.0.yaml"
  region                = "us-central1"

  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  The user-defined name of the Dataset. The name can be up to 128 characters long and can be consist of any UTF-8 characters.

* `metadata_schema_uri` -
  (Required)
  Points to a YAML file stored on Google Cloud Storage describing additional information about the Dataset. The schema is defined as an OpenAPI 3.0.2 Schema Object. The schema files that can be used here are found in gs://google-cloud-aiplatform/schema/dataset/metadata/.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Workflow.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `encryption_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Customer-managed encryption key spec for a Dataset. If set, this Dataset and all sub-resources of this Dataset will be secured by this key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_spec).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the dataset. eg us-central1

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_encryption_spec"></a>The `encryption_spec` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  Required. The Cloud KMS resource identifier of the customer managed encryption key used to protect a resource.
  Has the form: projects/my-project/locations/my-region/keyRings/my-kr/cryptoKeys/my-key. The key needs to be in the same region as where the resource is created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of the Dataset. This value is set by Google.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the dataset was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the dataset was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
