website/docs/r/vertex_ai_tensorboard.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Vertex AI"
description: |-
  Tensorboard is a physical database that stores users' training metrics.
---

# google\_vertex\_ai\_tensorboard

Tensorboard is a physical database that stores users' training metrics. A default Tensorboard is provided in each region of a GCP project. If needed users can also create extra Tensorboards in their projects.


To get more information about Tensorboard, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.tensorboards)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vertex_ai_tensorboard&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Tensorboard


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_tensorboard" "tensorboard" {
  display_name = "terraform"
  description  = "sample description"
  labels       = {
    "key1" : "value1",
    "key2" : "value2"
  }
  region       = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vertex_ai_tensorboard_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Tensorboard Full


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_tensorboard" "tensorboard" {
  display_name = "terraform"
  description  = "sample description"
  labels       = {
    "key1" : "value1",
    "key2" : "value2"
  }
  region       = "us-central1"
  encryption_spec {
    kms_key_name = "kms-name"
  }
  depends_on = [google_kms_crypto_key_iam_member.crypto_key]
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key_iam_member" "crypto_key" {
  crypto_key_id = "kms-name"
  role          = "roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter"
  member        = "serviceAccount:service-${data.google_project.project.number}@gcp-sa-aiplatform.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}

data "google_project" "project" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  User provided name of this Tensorboard.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of this Tensorboard.

* `encryption_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Customer-managed encryption key spec for a Tensorboard. If set, this Tensorboard and all sub-resources of this Tensorboard will be secured by this key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_spec).

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  The labels with user-defined metadata to organize your Tensorboards.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the tensorboard. eg us-central1

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_encryption_spec"></a>The `encryption_spec` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud KMS resource identifier of the customer managed encryption key used to protect a resource.
  Has the form: projects/my-project/locations/my-region/keyRings/my-kr/cryptoKeys/my-key. The key needs to be in the same region as where the resource is created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Name of the Tensorboard.

* `blob_storage_path_prefix` -
  Consumer project Cloud Storage path prefix used to store blob data, which can either be a bucket or directory. Does not end with a '/'.

* `run_count` -
  The number of Runs stored in this Tensorboard.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the Tensorboard was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the Tensorboard was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Tensorboard can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/tensorboards/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Labels compute instance template (#9051) (#6375)
* Apply labels model to compute instance template

* Check if terraform_labels and effective_labels are in schema

* Test out of band labels

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/vertex_ai_tensorboard.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Vertex AI"
description: |-
  Tensorboard is a physical database that stores users' training metrics.
---

# google\_vertex\_ai\_tensorboard

Tensorboard is a physical database that stores users' training metrics. A default Tensorboard is provided in each region of a GCP project. If needed users can also create extra Tensorboards in their projects.


To get more information about Tensorboard, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.tensorboards)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vertex_ai_tensorboard&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Tensorboard


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_tensorboard" "tensorboard" {
  display_name = "terraform"
  description  = "sample description"
  labels       = {
    "key1" : "value1",
    "key2" : "value2"
  }
  region       = "us-central1"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vertex_ai_tensorboard_full&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Tensorboard Full


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_tensorboard" "tensorboard" {
  display_name = "terraform"
  description  = "sample description"
  labels       = {
    "key1" : "value1",
    "key2" : "value2"
  }
  region       = "us-central1"
  encryption_spec {
    kms_key_name = "kms-name"
  }
  depends_on = [google_kms_crypto_key_iam_member.crypto_key]
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key_iam_member" "crypto_key" {
  crypto_key_id = "kms-name"
  role          = "roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter"
  member        = "serviceAccount:service-${data.google_project.project.number}@gcp-sa-aiplatform.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}

data "google_project" "project" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  User provided name of this Tensorboard.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of this Tensorboard.

* `encryption_spec` -
  (Optional)
  Customer-managed encryption key spec for a Tensorboard. If set, this Tensorboard and all sub-resources of this Tensorboard will be secured by this key.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_encryption_spec).

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  The labels with user-defined metadata to organize your Tensorboards.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the tensorboard. eg us-central1

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_encryption_spec"></a>The `encryption_spec` block supports:

* `kms_key_name` -
  (Required)
  The Cloud KMS resource identifier of the customer managed encryption key used to protect a resource.
  Has the form: projects/my-project/locations/my-region/keyRings/my-kr/cryptoKeys/my-key. The key needs to be in the same region as where the resource is created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Name of the Tensorboard.

* `blob_storage_path_prefix` -
  Consumer project Cloud Storage path prefix used to store blob data, which can either be a bucket or directory. Does not end with a '/'.

* `run_count` -
  The number of Runs stored in this Tensorboard.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the Tensorboard was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the Tensorboard was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Tensorboard can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/tensorboards/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_tensorboard.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
