website/docs/r/vpc_access_connector.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Serverless VPC Access"
description: |-
  Serverless VPC Access connector resource.
---

# google\_vpc\_access\_connector

Serverless VPC Access connector resource.


To get more information about Connector, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/reference/vpcaccess/rest/v1/projects.locations.connectors)
* How-to Guides
    * [Configuring Serverless VPC Access](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-serverless-vpc-access)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vpc_access_connector&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vpc Access Connector


```hcl
resource "google_vpc_access_connector" "connector" {
  name          = "vpc-con"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.8.0.0/28"
  network       = "default"
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vpc_access_connector_shared_vpc&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vpc Access Connector Shared Vpc


```hcl
resource "google_vpc_access_connector" "connector" {
  name          = "vpc-con"
  subnet {
    name = google_compute_subnetwork.custom_test.name
  }
  machine_type = "e2-standard-4"
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "custom_test" {
  name          = "vpc-con"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.2.0.0/28"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom_test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom_test" {
  name                    = "vpc-con"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the resource (Max 25 characters).


- - -


* `network` -
  (Optional)
  Name or self_link of the VPC network. Required if `ip_cidr_range` is set.

* `ip_cidr_range` -
  (Optional)
  The range of internal addresses that follows RFC 4632 notation. Example: `10.132.0.0/28`.

* `machine_type` -
  (Optional)
  Machine type of VM Instance underlying connector. Default is e2-micro

* `min_throughput` -
  (Optional)
  Minimum throughput of the connector in Mbps. Default and min is 200.

* `min_instances` -
  (Optional)
  Minimum value of instances in autoscaling group underlying the connector.

* `max_instances` -
  (Optional)
  Maximum value of instances in autoscaling group underlying the connector.

* `max_throughput` -
  (Optional)
  Maximum throughput of the connector in Mbps, must be greater than `min_throughput`. Default is 300.

* `subnet` -
  (Optional)
  The subnet in which to house the connector
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_subnet).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Region where the VPC Access connector resides. If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_subnet"></a>The `subnet` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Subnet name (relative, not fully qualified). E.g. if the full subnet selfLink is
  https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/regions/{region}/subnetworks/{subnetName} the correct input for this field would be {subnetName}"

* `project_id` -
  (Optional)
  Project in which the subnet exists. If not set, this project is assumed to be the project for which the connector create request was issued.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/connectors/{{name}}`

* `state` -
  State of the VPC access connector.

* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this VPC connector

* `connected_projects` -
  List of projects using the connector.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Connector can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/connectors/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Add Update Connector Support for VPC Access Connectors (#8205)
* Add Update Connetor Support for VPC Access Connectors

* fix lint

* fix go lint

* fix tests

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/vpc_access_connector.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Serverless VPC Access"
description: |-
  Serverless VPC Access connector resource.
---

# google\_vpc\_access\_connector

Serverless VPC Access connector resource.


To get more information about Connector, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/reference/vpcaccess/rest/v1/projects.locations.connectors)
* How-to Guides
    * [Configuring Serverless VPC Access](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-serverless-vpc-access)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vpc_access_connector&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vpc Access Connector


```hcl
resource "google_vpc_access_connector" "connector" {
  name          = "vpc-con"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.18.0.0/28"
  network       = "default"
  min_instances  = 2
  max_instances  = 3
}
```
<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=vpc_access_connector_shared_vpc&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fgraphite-cloud-shell-images%2Fterraform%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Vpc Access Connector Shared Vpc


```hcl
resource "google_vpc_access_connector" "connector" {
  name          = "vpc-con"
  subnet {
    name = google_compute_subnetwork.custom_test.name
  }
  machine_type = "e2-standard-4"
  min_instances = 2
  max_instances = 3
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork" "custom_test" {
  name          = "vpc-con"
  ip_cidr_range = "10.2.0.0/28"
  region        = "us-central1"
  network       = google_compute_network.custom_test.id
}

resource "google_compute_network" "custom_test" {
  name                    = "vpc-con"
  auto_create_subnetworks = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the resource (Max 25 characters).


- - -


* `network` -
  (Optional)
  Name or self_link of the VPC network. Required if `ip_cidr_range` is set.

* `ip_cidr_range` -
  (Optional)
  The range of internal addresses that follows RFC 4632 notation. Example: `10.132.0.0/28`.

* `machine_type` -
  (Optional)
  Machine type of VM Instance underlying connector. Default is e2-micro

* `min_throughput` -
  (Optional)
  Minimum throughput of the connector in Mbps. Default and min is 200.

* `min_instances` -
  (Optional)
  Minimum value of instances in autoscaling group underlying the connector.

* `max_instances` -
  (Optional)
  Maximum value of instances in autoscaling group underlying the connector.

* `max_throughput` -
  (Optional)
  Maximum throughput of the connector in Mbps, must be greater than `min_throughput`. Default is 1000.

* `subnet` -
  (Optional)
  The subnet in which to house the connector
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_subnet).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Region where the VPC Access connector resides. If it is not provided, the provider region is used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_subnet"></a>The `subnet` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Subnet name (relative, not fully qualified). E.g. if the full subnet selfLink is
  https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/regions/{region}/subnetworks/{subnetName} the correct input for this field would be {subnetName}"

* `project_id` -
  (Optional)
  Project in which the subnet exists. If not set, this project is assumed to be the project for which the connector create request was issued.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/connectors/{{name}}`

* `state` -
  State of the VPC access connector.

* `self_link` -
  The fully qualified name of this VPC connector

* `connected_projects` -
  List of projects using the connector.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Connector can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/connectors/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_vpc_access_connector.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
