website/docs/r/workflows_workflow.html.markdown, before:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Workflows"
description: |-
  Workflow program to be executed by Workflows.
---

# google\_workflows\_workflow

Workflow program to be executed by Workflows.


To get more information about Workflow, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/workflows/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.workflows)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managing Workflows](https://cloud.google.com/workflows/docs/creating-updating-workflow)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=workflow_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Workflow Basic


```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "test_account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_workflows_workflow" "example" {
  name          = "workflow"
  region        = "us-central1"
  description   = "Magic"
  service_account = google_service_account.test_account.id
  source_contents = <<-EOF
  # This is a sample workflow. You can replace it with your source code.
  #
  # This workflow does the following:
  # - reads current time and date information from an external API and stores
  #   the response in currentTime variable
  # - retrieves a list of Wikipedia articles related to the day of the week
  #   from currentTime
  # - returns the list of articles as an output of the workflow
  #
  # Note: In Terraform you need to escape the $$ or it will cause errors.

  - getCurrentTime:
      call: http.get
      args:
          url: https://timeapi.io/api/Time/current/zone?timeZone=Europe/Amsterdam
      result: currentTime
  - readWikipedia:
      call: http.get
      args:
          url: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php
          query:
              action: opensearch
              search: $${currentTime.body.dayOfWeek}
      result: wikiResult
  - returnOutput:
      return: $${wikiResult.body[1]}
EOF
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the Workflow.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of the workflow provided by the user. Must be at most 1000 unicode characters long.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Workflow.

* `service_account` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the service account associated with the latest workflow version. This service
  account represents the identity of the workflow and determines what permissions the workflow has.
  Format: projects/{project}/serviceAccounts/{account} or {account}.
  Using - as a wildcard for the {project} or not providing one at all will infer the project from the account.
  The {account} value can be the email address or the unique_id of the service account.
  If not provided, workflow will use the project's default service account.
  Modifying this field for an existing workflow results in a new workflow revision.

* `source_contents` -
  (Optional)
  Workflow code to be executed. The size limit is 32KB.

* `crypto_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The KMS key used to encrypt workflow and execution data.
  Format: projects/{project}/locations/{location}/keyRings/{keyRing}/cryptoKeys/{cryptoKey}

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the workflow.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `name_prefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique name beginning with the
 specified prefix. If this and name are unspecified, a random value is chosen for the name.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/workflows/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the workflow was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the workflow was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `state` -
  State of the workflow deployment.

* `revision_id` -
  The revision of the workflow. A new one is generated if the service account or source contents is changed.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).

Commit message:

Apply new labels model to more resources (part 2) (#8980)
* Apply new labels model to more resources (part 2)

* Apply new labels model to more resources (part 3)

* Fix unit test

Signed-off-by: Modular Magician <magic-modules@google.com>

website/docs/r/workflows_workflow.html.markdown, after:

---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Workflows"
description: |-
  Workflow program to be executed by Workflows.
---

# google\_workflows\_workflow

Workflow program to be executed by Workflows.


To get more information about Workflow, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/workflows/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.workflows)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managing Workflows](https://cloud.google.com/workflows/docs/creating-updating-workflow)

<div class = "oics-button" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 -15px">
  <a href="https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fterraform-google-modules%2Fdocs-examples.git&cloudshell_working_dir=workflow_basic&cloudshell_image=gcr.io%2Fcloudshell-images%2Fcloudshell%3Alatest&open_in_editor=main.tf&cloudshell_print=.%2Fmotd&cloudshell_tutorial=.%2Ftutorial.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Open in Cloud Shell" src="//gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.svg" style="max-height: 44px; margin: 32px auto; max-width: 100%;">
  </a>
</div>
## Example Usage - Workflow Basic


```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "test_account" {
  account_id   = "my-account"
  display_name = "Test Service Account"
}

resource "google_workflows_workflow" "example" {
  name          = "workflow"
  region        = "us-central1"
  description   = "Magic"
  service_account = google_service_account.test_account.id
  labels = {
    env = "test"
  }
  source_contents = <<-EOF
  # This is a sample workflow. You can replace it with your source code.
  #
  # This workflow does the following:
  # - reads current time and date information from an external API and stores
  #   the response in currentTime variable
  # - retrieves a list of Wikipedia articles related to the day of the week
  #   from currentTime
  # - returns the list of articles as an output of the workflow
  #
  # Note: In Terraform you need to escape the $$ or it will cause errors.

  - getCurrentTime:
      call: http.get
      args:
          url: https://timeapi.io/api/Time/current/zone?timeZone=Europe/Amsterdam
      result: currentTime
  - readWikipedia:
      call: http.get
      args:
          url: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php
          query:
              action: opensearch
              search: $${currentTime.body.dayOfWeek}
      result: wikiResult
  - returnOutput:
      return: $${wikiResult.body[1]}
EOF
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the Workflow.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of the workflow provided by the user. Must be at most 1000 unicode characters long.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Workflow.

* `service_account` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the service account associated with the latest workflow version. This service
  account represents the identity of the workflow and determines what permissions the workflow has.
  Format: projects/{project}/serviceAccounts/{account} or {account}.
  Using - as a wildcard for the {project} or not providing one at all will infer the project from the account.
  The {account} value can be the email address or the unique_id of the service account.
  If not provided, workflow will use the project's default service account.
  Modifying this field for an existing workflow results in a new workflow revision.

* `source_contents` -
  (Optional)
  Workflow code to be executed. The size limit is 32KB.

* `crypto_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  The KMS key used to encrypt workflow and execution data.
  Format: projects/{project}/locations/{location}/keyRings/{keyRing}/cryptoKeys/{cryptoKey}

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the workflow.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `name_prefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique name beginning with the
 specified prefix. If this and name are unspecified, a random value is chosen for the name.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/workflows/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the workflow was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the workflow was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `state` -
  State of the workflow deployment.

* `revision_id` -
  The revision of the workflow. A new one is generated if the service account or source contents is changed.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
